Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, sorry. I was on recording that whole time.
Dr Katrina Groves: This is Dr Krauss
Dr Katrina Groves: talking to myself.
Dr Katrina Groves: My zoom room number. It's Saturday, April 25
Dr Katrina Groves: At close to nine o'clock Post Standard Time zoom number 522-649-3217
Dr Katrina Groves: And that's my usual zoom room doing history and physicals today. So yeah, my background is looking got some shelves. Some books. Okay, it looks fine.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I only have 30 minutes for these histories and physicals I was
Dr Katrina Groves: Have a computer over here too. I'm looking at so sorry.
Dr Katrina Groves: I was doing 30 minutes a person, but that was too sorry 60 minutes person that that was too long so
Dr Katrina Groves: 30 minutes is fine, but we got seven in a row. And if some of them are long winded or difficult. I might run over.
Dr Katrina Groves: So just in advance for all these people just put down there all donor community health Center patients or open door patients in parentheses established with me for over three years.
Dr Katrina Groves: So they're not new, they're established
Dr Katrina Groves: Of course you know about the
Dr Katrina Groves: Putting the pre bam, the ACM the expert, the cures the urine drug screens all of that was reviewed and the
Dr Katrina Groves: Risk and protective scores, you already, you always put in with that.
Dr Katrina Groves: And basically, I mean, I haven't just go through this summary of
Dr Katrina Groves: Their
Dr Katrina Groves: Substance abuse. History
Dr Katrina Groves: And I will try to focus on tobacco because it looks like we're getting paid for that more. So my glasses bad about
Dr Katrina Groves: Tobacco if we do three minutes or more counseling.
Dr Katrina Groves: They can charge for that. So it's only like four bucks. I think for dollar but you know it's worthwhile. So I'm going to try to do a three minute spiel with everybody.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I will go through that review systems as quick as I can. And I'll add the psychic impression or you have all my templates.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you've got my exam. So please put both the each of the normal site compression plus the exam in there unless I comment on something different during the exam or if they do.
Dr Katrina Groves: And the diagnosis with all these people will be f 11.21 which is opioid dependence severe in remission and I will probably
Dr Katrina Groves: To the nicotine as well, which I can
Dr Katrina Groves: Try to check out if it's mild, moderate, severe
Dr Katrina Groves: Diagnosis
Dr Katrina Groves: To my usual spot so
Dr Katrina Groves: Anyway, um, thanks for listening to this, I put myself on pause and when I have something important to say I will get back on.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, looks like my first one was a little late. His name is Shirley eyebrows, his primary care provider is Dr.
Dr Katrina Groves: Pearson Colin Pearson have opened your community health center del Norte
Dr Katrina Groves: Trying to get this on because he's not here yet.
Dr Katrina Groves: He's been clean, since I believe actually started with a group verse 713 but clean since November 5 2013 years
Dr Katrina Groves: Hey, Joey.
Galaxy S10e: Can you hear me.
Dr Katrina Groves: I can hear you can't see you yet.
Dr Katrina Groves: See how to take your video on
Galaxy S10e: Okay, let me see. Oh, start video. Yeah.
Galaxy S10e: It's a work and now
Dr Katrina Groves: It's worth gap. Can you see me.
Galaxy S10e: Yep, are you
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm well and yourself.
Galaxy S10e: I'm doing good. Doing good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Even with all this coven stuff.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, it's kind of stressful with the kids, but I'm doing good. Other than that, we're buying
Galaxy S10e: Stuff. So that's gonna be
Dr Katrina Groves: Awesome.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, I'm on Lakeshore Drive.
Galaxy S10e: So I'm ready modeling right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Excellent.
Galaxy S10e: Work my work, work.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, work, work. Alright, so I only got like 30 minutes for this took a time to get to time to get checked in. Huh.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, yeah. Anytime you know it's a good idea to check in 30 minutes early for any of these things because
Dr Katrina Groves: Bright heart is really taken off because of the Copa nobody can do anything at home. So they're all doing zoom
Dr Katrina Groves: So they hired a lot of new people. It's like having a front desk line. You know, you come to check in at the front desk and there's
Later.
Galaxy S10e: Oh yeah, well, I went in there early but we were having a problem with the audio or video. No audio
Galaxy S10e: So,
Galaxy S10e: So they checked me in like it 845
Galaxy S10e: Oh, but but we couldn't get the audio to work.
Galaxy S10e: So we were yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: I knew there was a reason
Dr Katrina Groves: You've been I was looking at your old chart and jello, or you've been clean since I'm thinking up November 5 2013 is that that was when you had your slip up when your cousin died.
Galaxy S10e: Um,
Dr Katrina Groves: I know it was 2013
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, seven years. Yeah, yeah.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah. Amazing. Yeah, yeah.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: That was one of my mother. Definitely. Oh, that's when your brother died. Oh, sorry. Oh, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: That was hard.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I don't know how much of a slip up that really was you didn't go on a bender, you just kind of
Galaxy S10e: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: We're gone for a day or so.
Yeah.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Go ahead.
Galaxy S10e: Oh, good.
Dr Katrina Groves: I just want to take you through some of this.
Dr Katrina Groves: I want to start with your history about how old you were when you started to use drives you just gotta pretend I don't know your history. I'm a new doctor and you're just telling me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Something. How old were you when you first started using and was it marijuana, alcohol.
Galaxy S10e: Mom, I was seven teen
Galaxy S10e: Reddit 17 and oxy cotton.
Galaxy S10e: And it was prescribed
Dr Katrina Groves: Because
Galaxy S10e: bad knee injury and football.
Galaxy S10e: I don't know. I didn't, but I didn't take him for the first year.
Galaxy S10e: Cuz I was
Galaxy S10e: Into sports and, you know, watch drugs destroy my mom's
Galaxy S10e: Wife and so I did, I refuse to take them and then one time I took them. That's all it took.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then how fast did you lead on to other substances.
Galaxy S10e: You. I didn't want to move on to other sentences as much as
Galaxy S10e: Just really using oxy on
Galaxy S10e: So,
Galaxy S10e: He overdoses um
Galaxy S10e: No.
Galaxy S10e: I'm sure I overdose. People tell me to stop reduce stuff, but I'm not as far as to the point to where I had to go to hospital.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did you try and quit on your own. Few times or
Galaxy S10e: Yeah yeah I did quit for
Galaxy S10e: A couple years and
Galaxy S10e: They
Galaxy S10e: To quit.
Galaxy S10e: I quit once a month without quitting. And then I quit.
Galaxy S10e: For a while, until my brother died.
Dr Katrina Groves: And
Galaxy S10e: You know, go back off the wagon, but
Galaxy S10e: Um,
Dr Katrina Groves: Any other alcohol or drugs dependencies.
Galaxy S10e: I wouldn't, I mean I drank a lot
Galaxy S10e: In high school, but I don't think there was so much dependencies. It was just being stupid teenage kid. So yeah, no. I mean, I'm not. But I'm sure that if I would have continued on that path. I would have been there with my personality.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you no longer drink alcohol or just occasional beers, or what
Galaxy S10e: I don't drink.
Galaxy S10e: Good enough. I don't smoke.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you never got into heroin or IV drugs you never got into
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, I got it for a little while.
Dr Katrina Groves: And when did that stop.
Galaxy S10e: Let's stop.
Galaxy S10e: Before my brother died so
Galaxy S10e: What I considered oxy cotton stronger than heroin so
Galaxy S10e: Well, at least I did, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Everyone different. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So do you still have cravings, or any of the stressors are causing cravings right now. I know a lot of people from group are freaking out because of the
Galaxy S10e: Oh no, you know,
Galaxy S10e: I mean, of course, I think you always had kind of flashbacks of stuff.
Galaxy S10e: But as far as like
Galaxy S10e: To go get
Galaxy S10e: Is it. No, no, I mean,
Galaxy S10e: I'm so busy at
Galaxy S10e: The time
Galaxy S10e: About that stuff.
Galaxy S10e: Know that fight, fight started getting that way I would, you know, do something that
Dr Katrina Groves: You do.
Galaxy S10e: Go talk to someone talking to goto meeting, whatever. And it didn't know if it got to the point where I think we use again. No. Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: You got your own coping skills and, you know, Tony's they're still
Dr Katrina Groves: You can always reach out to me and at bright heart now is your new kind of support team so
Dr Katrina Groves: So do you still have Dr. Pearson at the clinic as your primary care, Doc.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah.
Galaxy S10e: I think so. I don't know. I haven't been to forever. So I don't know.
Dr Katrina Groves: They're doing virtual visits do
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so do you still have that any medical problems like your, your
Dr Katrina Groves: Was a fractured or something happened with your hand.
Galaxy S10e: I had the
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, no, they're doing okay.
Galaxy S10e: Everything's pretty much held
Galaxy S10e: Um,
Galaxy S10e: I had that thing going on my neck for a while my back, but it seems to be okay until it goes out again and I could be any day.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you keep working your construction job yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: So no high blood pressure. I don't see that you're on any medic medication, besides the Suboxone
Not
Dr Katrina Groves: Don't use a puffer anymore. Did you outgrow your asthma.
Galaxy S10e: Um, I don't use it. I have one, but I just don't use it. Um, it seemed like since I quit smoking, it's gotten a lot better.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: And when did you quit smoking. I am so happy about that.
Galaxy S10e: Oh shoot, I think, like, I want to say like six, seven months ago.
Dr Katrina Groves: Awesome. Glad you finally do that the Chantix the patches, what
Galaxy S10e: No lock myself in the room.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, I tried taking Chantix but it gave me really wicked dreams.
Galaxy S10e: Okay and dreams.
Dr Katrina Groves: So any other hospitalizations. You've had illnesses or injuries implantable devices broken anything surgeries.
Galaxy S10e: No, um, recently, or just ever
Dr Katrina Groves: In your life. Yeah.
Galaxy S10e: Have had the knee, the knee stuff what
Dr Katrina Groves: About the new
Galaxy S10e: I tore my MC on my ACL nice cool
Galaxy S10e: Oh, right. And I'm so I've had a clean out a few more times since then but
Galaxy S10e: Nothing, nothing major.
Dr Katrina Groves: Know appendix or tonsils or anything like that.
Galaxy S10e: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: I got to computer screens. I'm looking at your one from the clan.
Galaxy S10e: Go.
Dr Katrina Groves: One here. So you're going to
Dr Katrina Groves: Fill in like that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, no surgeries, then the. Tell me more about your family history. I know it's hard but just to get that in the system. Is your mom still living.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: What, what are her medical problems.
Galaxy S10e: She's got a mitral valve defect.
Galaxy S10e: Diabetes.
Galaxy S10e: They can see back in her back injuries.
Galaxy S10e: All that kind of stuff.
Dr Katrina Groves: But no substance use.
Galaxy S10e: Um, you know, I think she's
Galaxy S10e: Always that I've noticed clean up or shut, a little bit so
Galaxy S10e: Good, yeah, he gets a seer grandchildren now so
Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's good. I'm your dad still living.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, yeah. Water tumors brain tumors.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's right, we return his brain tumor returns are they going after it again, or what
Galaxy S10e: They said that they got it. So he does, he's had like his fourth surgery or something.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow.
Dr Katrina Groves: And as he have any heart disease, high blood pressure,
Dr Katrina Groves: Diabetes stuff.
Galaxy S10e: Not that I'm aware of. Other than his brain tumors, it is in good health.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now strokes know
Galaxy S10e: I read problems, anything
Dr Katrina Groves: And your siblings. How many do you have other siblings, your brother passed.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, all of them are dead.
God
Galaxy S10e: How many sisters, your dad and my brother.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh my god. And what happened with the two sisters
Galaxy S10e: My sister died at UCSF, he went in for hip surgery.
Galaxy S10e: And had bleeding ulcers and lost too much blood one cardiac arrest and she was in a coma for like six months. So make to provide support and then my other sister died when we were younger, she just died.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so you are the, the one
Galaxy S10e: The last remaining
Dr Katrina Groves: But the one that's doing pretty good.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now you are so any allergies that you have to medication.
I
Galaxy S10e: Penicillin I'm supposedly alerting to it's been so long.
Galaxy S10e: But I guess I had an allergic reaction when I was younger, so
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, these things.
Galaxy S10e: Oh yeah. Um so yeah I'm allergic to bee stings, you
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have an epi pen. That's
Galaxy S10e: Yeah. Mm hmm.
Dr Katrina Groves: Don't let it expire. Just keep calling the clinic or the pharmacy and they'll be filled. Those probably without seeing you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and then tries it says you have electric shocks and new legs number transit them.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You don't take that
No.
Galaxy S10e: All right.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then
Dr Katrina Groves: As far as your job, you have. So you got like two you got within two units. Again, you're a degree. Is that right,
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. And then he decided construction is
Dr Katrina Groves: Better. And that's what you've been doing all along.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good.
Galaxy S10e: I was I was doing construction before
Dr Katrina Groves: All right.
Galaxy S10e: But then I would do construction and grabbing and crab and went to crap. So I just started doing construction full time.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. You ever have thoughts about going back and getting that two units or
Galaxy S10e: Five times every once in a while.
When I
Galaxy S10e: Am I going back for nursing, but then I'm going to have to start all over again.
Yeah.
Galaxy S10e: So I've never renew my license. Never. They sent me anything for my CNA
Galaxy S10e: Saying I had to show proof of
Galaxy S10e: Treatment and I never did. So I don't know if I can just, I don't know. I don't know how that works.
Dr Katrina Groves: So is that your own construction business do you have your own group, are you working for someone else.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, I do my own thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is great. Great. And so tell me how many kids. Now I know you have
Dr Katrina Groves: Actually, I don't know how many kids.
Galaxy S10e: I have
Four kids.
Dr Katrina Groves: And they're all yours.
Galaxy S10e: Well, my stepdaughters not mine, but I razors and she was like five she's
Galaxy S10e: In all now so
Dr Katrina Groves: Likes calling me Mike from Walmart. Hey Mike, I'm doing a video with one of our clients. Can I call you back or
Dr Katrina Groves: They said they were going to give me a few days until he got to group which is supposed to be Monday, so take it, have a little bridge until Monday night.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, whatever is easier for you. Sorry about that. I know we would rather do my weeks.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Okay. Thanks.
Dr Katrina Groves: But
Dr Katrina Groves: Sorry.
Dr Katrina Groves: My
Dr Katrina Groves: My checks in with everybody. Do you go to Walmart.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's Walgreens. Oh, that was my other prescription question before we get off Walgreens.
Dr Katrina Groves: When are you do for your next
Galaxy S10e: Oh 516 wow yeah 565 16
Dr Katrina Groves: So you picked it up on 416
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah yeah 1234
Dr Katrina Groves: So that I'd like to get you back what I want to do is, is this is just the intake and then we're going to do groups.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'd like you to come back on a group
Dr Katrina Groves: That
Dr Katrina Groves: Is a few days or a week before your next script is do
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, that's the week of May 11 and I'm doing two groups. I'm doing Monday nights at 545 which is really 530 check in again for Thursday mornings at 10 o'clock in the morning right now. And my only two times so which of those sounds better for you.
Galaxy S10e: Was DO THE MONDAY NIGHT.
Dr Katrina Groves: At 530-540-5545 but check in at 445. I mean, I swear to God.
Dr Katrina Groves: Ok now checking it out enough 515
Galaxy S10e: Okay 515. Okay. See, I can't check in for 45 years and still be at work and I can, I can. Okay.
Galaxy S10e: Okay, so
Dr Katrina Groves: Alcohol, which for the 11th at 545 and then what I'll do is, that'll be your script day
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you okay with your Suboxone. Is it working okay for you.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, no problems with it.
No.
Galaxy S10e: No.
I just take
Galaxy S10e: Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: I gotta go through like a review of systems from your kind of hits a toe real quick. So let me
Dr Katrina Groves: Know, and this is just the past week or so.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any Fevers or chills know any night sweats.
Dr Katrina Groves: Know cold like intolerance.
Dr Katrina Groves: Fatigue.
Galaxy S10e: I i get fatigued. I think it's just getting older and I'm not
Galaxy S10e: You know, not young anymore.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's kind of normal
Dr Katrina Groves: It's not like you can't like you're laying around can't move.
Dr Katrina Groves: No. So, weight gain or loss. That's worrisome for you.
Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: A time. Looks like you're falling asleep without catching yourself, um,
Galaxy S10e: Sometimes when I lay on the couch.
Galaxy S10e: Leaving. No, not like standing up for nothing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right when you're just tired after working and take a nap kind of thing.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So any cough or wheezing or shortness of breath.
Galaxy S10e: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Any chest pain or pressure or heart palpitations.
Galaxy S10e: Not gonna work.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. Do you have a demon swelling in your legs.
Galaxy S10e: No, nothing more.
Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Some types of apps on on cause a lot of constipation. Have you gotten over that.
Galaxy S10e: Um, I get constipated every once while but not like do you see
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you need more stool softener, or do you get those over the counter.
Galaxy S10e: No, I think I'm okay.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, I
Galaxy S10e: I take like a
Galaxy S10e: Supplements and stuff. So, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good no blood
Galaxy S10e: No no no blood in my soul. No.
Galaxy S10e: I don't think so. I haven't seen
Dr Katrina Groves: What we're going to say about supplements.
Galaxy S10e: Oh, as those seem to help me. So the supplements to
Dr Katrina Groves: Go abdominal pain or nausea, vomiting,
Um,
Dr Katrina Groves: Any tremor seizures vertigo or headaches.
Dr Katrina Groves: And any mental health issues like mood swings depression. I know for a while you were pretty bad in depression has that lifted a bit
Galaxy S10e: Yeah.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, I mean I think now is just more. So the stress of having four kids and they're so far apart and, you know, just like my youngest is year and a half, and she's a little terror.
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, so they're all like four or five years apart. So it's kind of hard.
Dr Katrina Groves: When the ones helping with the younger ones. See
Dr Katrina Groves: Any HEADACHES THAT YOU GET OTHER THAN NORMAL headache.
No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and then
Dr Katrina Groves: So sleep problems do you think you have trouble sleeping.
Yeah.
Galaxy S10e: But it's always been that way. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And has, I guess you haven't had any suicidal thoughts. Recently, I don't know about past no anxiety real bad where you're just feeling having panic attacks.
Galaxy S10e: No, no, not to panic attacks.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: What else we got surgery social when you're living
Dr Katrina Groves: Right now you live with. Are you renting or
Galaxy S10e: No, we're doing we're buying this place, but we're moving to a different place.
Galaxy S10e: Will be selling this place and going
Dr Katrina Groves: And then
Dr Katrina Groves: No other medication you take besides the Suboxone you
Dr Katrina Groves: Know the EPI pen and the happy path is 0.3 milligrams inject into the muscle once last time you had to use that
Galaxy S10e: Oh, I don't know 10 years ago maybe
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And do you need some Narc can just to keep in for other people, they might see that overdose.
Galaxy S10e: I mean, I, I could but I really don't hang out.
Galaxy S10e: Around anyone that would I would need that for. I mean, it would be kind of a waste.
Galaxy S10e: Unless I happen to see someone on the side of the street, but you know, you don't know what they did so.
Dr Katrina Groves: And your crew is good. Yeah.
Galaxy S10e: Everyone's good i don't i don't i don't have guys that worked my way through that aren't over or, you know, so
Dr Katrina Groves: So what do you feel like your level of stresses right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: At zero out of 1010 is like the most stress of your lead.
Galaxy S10e: Seven.
Pretty
Galaxy S10e: Well,
Dr Katrina Groves: And you're coping skills. What are your
Dr Katrina Groves: What are you using to when you get stressed like that.
Galaxy S10e: Self care.
Family
Galaxy S10e: You know,
Galaxy S10e: You know, talk
Galaxy S10e: About my family and go to work.
Galaxy S10e: In but it's not like a bad stress good stress because I'm like working all the time, trying to get our house going so that's exciting. So it's not like it's a
Galaxy S10e: Yeah Oh god, it's more like you know I'm stressed out, but it's going to be worth it type thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: It's chosen. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I guess that's a good thing because some people if there's seven out of 10 stress, they're pulling out their hair. They feel like they're going to relapse, it's like not like that.
Dr Katrina Groves: No. So what are your goals like for the next couple years.
Um,
Galaxy S10e: I want to get my well I was already hoping to have it but I'm gonna I going to read apply
Galaxy S10e: For the
Galaxy S10e: Generals test which we applied, but
Galaxy S10e: The Kobe 19 kind of shut all that down. So, um, do that, get that going get our house rebuilt or remodel, and then we're going to remodel again in a couple years. Yeah.
Galaxy S10e: Hopefully, build a business bigger
Dr Katrina Groves: Nice.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any, any legal stuff. You still have hanging over your head from the
Galaxy S10e: Care that took me a whole seven years. But I took care all
Dr Katrina Groves: Right, okay.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: That must feel so good.
Galaxy S10e: Oh yeah, does
Galaxy S10e: Yes.
Galaxy S10e: Me and my partner, where we're done with the court system. I only got my oldest son back
Dr Katrina Groves: Ah, thank God. I didn't know if I knew that.
Galaxy S10e: No, probably not.
Galaxy S10e: Know, after his mother was murdered.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hey,
I got
Galaxy S10e: I went to court and they gave me full custody of him so
Dr Katrina Groves: Awesome, because I know that wasn't the tribe, trying to get him or was that something different.
Galaxy S10e: No, I'm
Galaxy S10e: Not
Galaxy S10e: Maybe the other kids but
Galaxy S10e: Girl on the inflation are getting them. Now that's a whole nother issue, but, um, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, how old is he now see eight
Galaxy S10e: Know these
Galaxy S10e: Are all just 12 years old.
Galaxy S10e: 12
Dr Katrina Groves: If you get. I hope you got some counseling for that mean that's just pretty traumatic.
Galaxy S10e: Housing for a little while.
Galaxy S10e: And then told me he didn't want to go anymore. I don't like talking to strangers, there's anything I won't talk about I'll talk to you, Kelly, or my grandma.
Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Does he do that. Does he take advantage of that and talk to people or
Galaxy S10e: Yeah, he's in his own way.
Dr Katrina Groves: Too hard
Dr Katrina Groves: Age.
Dr Katrina Groves: He's like creepy. Yeah, he's getting into the hormones and school and
Galaxy S10e: Yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: I was watching like a hawk, because sometimes kids can get kind of go crash that time of their life. As you know, so
Galaxy S10e: We, we keep it. He's got his own little ways of telling you something's wrong.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good.
Galaxy S10e: We've kind of got our kids figured out, and that way.
Galaxy S10e: You know, in the
Galaxy S10e: End, we know
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, well, I will let you go unless there's other questions, they're going to write hearts going to want you to do a drug screen. They're going to mail it to your house. I don't know if they explain that to you.
Dr Katrina Groves: They're going to mail it and when you soon as you get this little package at your house, you're gonna have to call them in the virtual clinic, which is where you are today. It's like the front desk.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then they'll get somebody on and you'll go pee and you'll look at the results together. It's not a big deal. But it's kind of nice gets mailed to your house and that will happen maybe once a month.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm going to try and see you just once a month here for a little bit and then go longer if we can
Dr Katrina Groves: I just want to get you used to the group process and then the scripts. I want to hook them up with our visit. So every visit, you get a script and you don't have to worry about it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, if you're, if you have some problem. If you have to miss just always communicate, kind of like with Tony call him up, call it bright heart and say, hey, I can't make it.
Dr Katrina Groves: You can do the day before the week before or, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Where we. They might just bridge you. I don't know if they'll give you, they won't give you like a whole script for a month. They'll say, Okay, you get three or four days, just like Mike was calling and then you got to
Dr Katrina Groves: Make up a group. So it's really a hassle. So even if you're sick, you know, try to come in.
Okay.
Galaxy S10e: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: They might want you to have bloodwork done again, which you can do at the clinic, since you got a primary care doc there.
Dr Katrina Groves: But other than that, I'm just so happy to have you here. And how's the insurance. Are you still in partnership. Are you having
To
Galaxy S10e: I don't know for how much longer, but
Dr Katrina Groves: Now that worries me. If you do get insurance most insurances will cover this
Dr Katrina Groves: Without a problem. And just like you might have a smaller copay and then Tony still has groups. So if you need to jump on with her. She's doing virtual groups like this. Most mornings.
Galaxy S10e: And
Dr Katrina Groves: If you needed to chat with her.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, but you know, I'm really good to see you.
Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Sir, you never got to work on my house.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good morning.
Dr Katrina Groves: Josh
Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hi.
LG K8+(2018): There we go. All right. I Dr grips.
Dr Katrina Groves: You are learning how to do our technology, aren't you
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, somewhere.
Dr Katrina Groves: It will get better. So are you in a place looks like you're in your car.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, I'm in my office.
LG K8+(2018): In my work fan.
Oh, there you go.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, well thanks for taking the time on a Saturday. I just want to get you hooked up with bite her so we can do your scripts and everything.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so this will take maybe half an hour.
Dr Katrina Groves: Depends on what comes up and I've got people every half hour so I'm kind of
Dr Katrina Groves: going fast.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so, so I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: Just pretend that I don't know your history and just tell me from the beginning. How old were you when you first started using and what and take me along the road. Like, were you seven years old, using marijuana or what
LG K8+(2018): No, I was um it was in between. I think my junior, and my senior year of high school and
LG K8+(2018): I just kind of started hanging out with different people and
LG K8+(2018): And and started using they were using in front of me at first and and I smoke weed, you know,
LG K8+(2018): But I mean, other than that I didn't really do hard drugs and then I they started doing them in front of me and then you know you
LG K8+(2018): Hang out in the barbershop. You're going to get your haircut. So
LG K8+(2018): I, I started started doing them, you know, kind of lost all my friends and stuff and had all new ones and
LG K8+(2018): It was in but two years, three years later.
LG K8+(2018): I went to my first rehab.
Dr Katrina Groves: Money.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah 20 or 21, something like that.
LG K8+(2018): And
LG K8+(2018): Then I stayed clean for maybe off meth for maybe eight years.
LG K8+(2018): And and butt off mess. But then I was working at the lumber mills and her and the doctor started describing me a bunch of painkillers. So I was taking those regularly and
LG K8+(2018): Then I
LG K8+(2018): My friend gave me a methadone and that's when I started using methadone and I probably use that every day since I was 21
LG K8+(2018): Probably for 10 years
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, in, in that that got overwhelming I spending all my money on pills and, you know,
LG K8+(2018): I couldn't
LG K8+(2018): I couldn't function without them in work without them.
LG K8+(2018): And that got to be too much, then my doctor cut me off and
LG K8+(2018): I was tired of, you know, trying to find pills and not having anything and I was missing so much work and all that. So that's when I went to my second rehab and
LG K8+(2018): And stayed clean off pills for about maybe a year and then I was right back to taking pills again and
LG K8+(2018): Then I then I heard about this box and program surgeons boxing program and I haven't done it yet. Opiates painkillers, nothing like that and
LG K8+(2018): Six years, five years.
LG K8+(2018): Really yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: Cuz yeah I remember that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, you left the program and then came back in 2017 but that was math related right
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, correct. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then, now that you've been back
Dr Katrina Groves: Was it. Have you had any memory lapses since the
LG K8+(2018): Know relapses whatsoever. I don't even. I don't even chew anymore.
Dr Katrina Groves: I was gonna ask. I noticed I don't see that.
What the heck
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, it was hard. I was eating candy and now I got a candy addiction, but
LG K8+(2018): I'm a
Dr Katrina Groves: Lot better brush your teeth.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, yeah, I do.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh my god, what made you try to finally quit.
LG K8+(2018): And I've been touring since I was 15 and I was starting to just fall asleep with it in my, in my mouth and get all over the pillow everywhere and
LG K8+(2018): It was just time. And then I started eating healthier.
LG K8+(2018): You know, started eating a new tradition based instead of like eat whatever I want type thing.
LG K8+(2018): out every day eating fast food.
LG K8+(2018): And it was just kind of making me tired.
Dr Katrina Groves: It's true. You are what you eat. You know that saying is really true.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, here. Do I hear a little bit of wife input with that maybe was that, oh,
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, she got me thinking about
LG K8+(2018): You know, longevity, pretty much.
LG K8+(2018): And I want to be around for my kids and for my grandkids and stuff like that so
LG K8+(2018): That's awesome. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So other substances cocaine or Benz's though ever LSD. No.
LG K8+(2018): No.
LG K8+(2018): I did cocaine, maybe for like a couple years.
LG K8+(2018): Back in my early 20s, you know,
LG K8+(2018): I don't
LG K8+(2018): I don't even think. Do they even make it anymore.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
LG K8+(2018): Like everything heroin or math.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm sorry, I know you tried the sub Lockheed, was it the shot that you didn't like the pain or was it. What was it like for you.
LG K8+(2018): It didn't seem like I got any medicine like I'm I was real sick.
LG K8+(2018): I my body. A It was just like, I just got it was like I got cut off methadone just, you know, like that.
LG K8+(2018): But then I had that bump were that were I had the shot. I had that for probably six months, it's still kind of there a little bit. It's starting to go away now. But, I mean, it was not. Yeah, I still have a little bump.
Dr Katrina Groves: It'll go away.
Okay.
LG K8+(2018): I didn't like it at all.
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't think so. It's not supposed to do that. It's like crazy that you were in withdrawals.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, but I mean, everybody's body is different, you know, I mean,
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: We're not giving up on it. We've done a couple other people so we'll see. And maybe, who knows, maybe you've got one with sailing in it or something.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, it's still kind of a trial run, isn't it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, um, people are using it pretty successfully all over. But we, it was a trial run for us because nobody pays for it on Medicare. Medicare partnership.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, um, let me shift gears for a minute. And do you have any other medication you take like
Dr Katrina Groves: For any other medical problems thyroid, high blood pressure, diabetes, nothing. No.
Nothing.
LG K8+(2018): I try not even take ibuprofen.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good, yeah. Imagine you have some pain stuff, are you still doing construction or what's your job.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, yeah. Still doing construction got two houses going at one time. So I've been super busy.
Dr Katrina Groves: But no injuries that landed you in the hospital anything. Nope. Have you had a knee surgeries like your whole life surgeries appendix gallbladder.
LG K8+(2018): I had shoulder surgery from when I got hurt in the mill.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, okay.
LG K8+(2018): It was my coffee or whatever.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Is that better.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, it's a lot better. I needed it in my other shoulder, but I just never followed through that.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then it looks like, oh yeah, I see that in 2011. It was about repair. I'm looking at your other computer. If so, that's why.
Oh,
Dr Katrina Groves: Spinal Fusion. Did you have 2012 some back surgery.
Yeah.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, that that was kind of coincided with the accident.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and then any allergies to medication that you know about
LG K8+(2018): Josh see clore but I don't even know if they make that I've heard of that and
LG K8+(2018): With that
Dr Katrina Groves: You were a kid was that was when you were a kid or something.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, yeah, I was a baby. I think
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, and I need family history. So let's move on to that your mother and father still living.
LG K8+(2018): Um, yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: And any what medical problems do they have
LG K8+(2018): None, really, I think, my mom might have a little bit of a thyroid problem, but nothing, nothing major.
LG K8+(2018): They're pretty healthy
Dr Katrina Groves: No, no strokes know diabetes, heart disease,
LG K8+(2018): No money. My mom had the beginning of diabetes.
LG K8+(2018): But she's like in the process of getting healthier.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, sounds like your whole family is following suit.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, try trying
Dr Katrina Groves: Siblings brothers and sisters
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, I got two sisters one older one younger
Dr Katrina Groves: And how are they doing with their health.
LG K8+(2018): A Good, good. They're both really healthy
Dr Katrina Groves: No Substance use disorders.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now, God is not them.
LG K8+(2018): My little sister drinks a little bit, but I wouldn't say it was problem. No.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then, do you have any legal stuff that's left over from your days.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, I'm still on probation. But I'm trying to get off right now.
LG K8+(2018): Because there's, you know, I've been on it for so long, so
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, I paid up all my fines and I just, I don't want to have anything over my head.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you still have to go to the AMD like there any groups or anything or no.
LG K8+(2018): Okay, no. I completed a god and I completed some other classes for
Dr Katrina Groves: Excellent. So any and you're living with your way and how many kids.
LG K8+(2018): Three.
Dr Katrina Groves: Have you gone to a wolf lodge recently again. Oh, I guess they're shut down now in Washington.
Dr Katrina Groves: That was such a great trip.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, we're supposed to go in June, but who knows we might still hopefully
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, yeah. I've always remembered that about you that no matter what's going on. You just take your family and you just go like once a year. It's pretty cool.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah what routine not routine.
Dr Katrina Groves: Anyway, the word escapes me
LG K8+(2018): Yeah.
LG K8+(2018): We went to Disneyland last year.
LG K8+(2018): Was pretty cool, but whatever go okay
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, let's kind of nuts.
Dr Katrina Groves: Everybody gets there.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so I don't want to take you through a quick head to toe thing. This is just symptoms that you might have had in the last week or two, and most of them are going to be no
Dr Katrina Groves: So like any Fevers or chills or night sweats and the last couple weeks.
Dr Katrina Groves: Know any fatigue, where you're like, so tired. You can't get out of bed in the morning.
Dr Katrina Groves: No weight gain or weight loss. Now that you're off the method probably isn't a problem.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, well, I have a problem, gaining weight sometimes because
LG K8+(2018): I'm just always so busy.
LG K8+(2018): And I'm always on the go. So like if if I'm constantly going. I have a fast metabolism. You know, I don't have time to just sit there and snack all days. Oh.
LG K8+(2018): But other than that, yeah, it's pretty steady
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and any trouble with cough or wheezing shortness of breath.
LG K8+(2018): No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Trouble with your heart and chest pain pressure palpitations.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, get short of breath when you're busy.
Dr Katrina Groves: And swelling in your legs.
Dr Katrina Groves: No any abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting, diarrhea, blood in your stool. Nope. You said you didn't really have constipation anymore because you're eating fiber.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, yeah. And no, yeah, it's been a lot better know that I'm eating healthier.
Dr Katrina Groves: Than neurological any tremors are seizures or vertigo or headaches.
LG K8+(2018): And I've been getting headaches but I think it's just stress related because I've been getting knots in my back and
LG K8+(2018): Like headaches behind my eye.
Dr Katrina Groves: Where are the headaches located
LG K8+(2018): Like right behind my eyeballs.
LG K8+(2018): Okay, but I can, I can feel the knots in my back and I can feel it are in my shoulders and then I can feel it up my shoulders into my neck and then we had my
Dr Katrina Groves: And is that when you take your ibuprofen. If you have to
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Just over the counter or prescription
LG K8+(2018): Over the counter.
Dr Katrina Groves: So don't forget stretches. I see that stuff does work and get some bio freeze or whatever you can rub into the neck.
Dr Katrina Groves: Tylenol works too. And it's not so harsh on your liver.
Dr Katrina Groves: You never got hep C, right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now, Lucky you.
Dr Katrina Groves: So no and mental health wise, how was your mood or you have a lot of depression, anxiety, sleep trouble.
LG K8+(2018): No, yeah, I wish I could sleep more
Dr Katrina Groves: But you can't sleep because you're getting you get up and down. Right.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, I get up at 530 sometimes I don't go to bed, till 11 at night.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, because my kids are late for now.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you feel like you're rested when you get up. Are you feel like, Oh my God, I just got to sleep.
LG K8+(2018): No, um, because even if I could sleep in. I can't like my body just wants to wake up, you know, and it's not like I feel groggy or tired or anything like that, you know, I get when I sleep. I get good sleep.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's what I want it now. So if you ever had suicidal thoughts before recently.
Dr Katrina Groves: No matter how bad it gets you haven't taken that route.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, yeah. And it really hasn't gotten that bad, so
LG K8+(2018): You know nothing.
Dr Katrina Groves: And your level of stress right now on a zero to 10 scale as far as your life, your work, your anything. Is that like 10 out of 10 is the highest and zero is no stress. Where do you think you're at with that.
LG K8+(2018): Um, I would say.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
LG K8+(2018): A little bit more stress than usual.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because of the coverage and your or because of work or what
LG K8+(2018): Um, yeah, probably mostly work.
LG K8+(2018): I got two houses going so it's like
LG K8+(2018): I'm just constantly trying to keep up. It's crazy.
Dr Katrina Groves: And yet on the other party, your brain. It would be
Dr Katrina Groves: Gee, I'm lucky I have a job right.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, no, I have to stop and remind myself. There's so many people out of work right now. And yeah, I, I'm very thankful
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so do you have your Suboxone with you. Do you know when your last prescription was
LG K8+(2018): I've been getting week prescriptions.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
LG K8+(2018): Because they wanted to make sure I do all this stuff. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You have to like twist your arm to get you in. Right.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah yeah and you and you have, and I'm here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, I'm happy.
Dr Katrina Groves: We knew it would work. So when's your next script you
LG K8+(2018): Is Wednesday, I think.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you must have got it on last just this last Wednesday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or Thursday. Yeah.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah. Wednesday or Thursday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh my god, my group is crazy on Monday, I was so what I have two groups right now and
Dr Katrina Groves: Monday night at 545 which means you really got to check in at 530 if you're going to even get on and then Thursday mornings at 10 which I don't think is going to work for you. If you're that busy.
Dr Katrina Groves: So which one of those sounds like Monday nights better
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, yeah. That way better.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I think what I'm going to try to do 23423456 I'm going to just call in a prescription what pharmacy. Are you at
LG K8+(2018): CVS.
Dr Katrina Groves: CBS, do they run out. I heard rumors, they run out all the time.
LG K8+(2018): Um, I've never had a problem with them.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, they must love you. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm going to go ahead and refill your script. Now today for you won't be able to
Dr Katrina Groves: I'll make it work, so that it
Dr Katrina Groves: will last until May 4, can you come on May 4
Dr Katrina Groves: That night. Okay, put it in your calendar. I want to, I want to see it in your calendar or do you put it on your phone.
LG K8+(2018): I put it on my phone, but I'm gonna write it down. Um,
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright.
LG K8+(2018): So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Forth and try to check in at
Dr Katrina Groves: Group until 645 and if you need to do it in your truck that's fine, but just be somewhere private
Dr Katrina Groves: You probably are going to need headphones, we don't have it today because it's just you and me. But, you know, any kind of little headphone devices that you plug in and be helpful.
LG K8+(2018): And you said 515 checking
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, probably better do that and it might mean you'd be sitting for a while just waiting for everybody else. But at least you'll get in and you can work in your on your brain, other things.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so then what then we'll do your script.
Dr Katrina Groves: After that, we'll do it every month or every two weeks, or however compliance, you're going to be, they might start out with every
Dr Katrina Groves: Couple weeks. Well, just depends. So how do you feel in your recovery as far as stability on that same scale zero is no. Well, how can I do this.
Dr Katrina Groves: 10 would be the most stable, you are like absolutely no way you're going to relapse zero was like I could relapse today.
LG K8+(2018): I'm probably eight or nine i mean
Console.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah, there's always a slight chance. But I mean,
LG K8+(2018): I don't know. I have a good routine. I have a good balance in my life and I don't see any thing coming in between that
Dr Katrina Groves: Nice.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so right here, it will reach out to you to to get a drug screen. They're going to send one to your house. I don't know if that happened already
LG K8+(2018): Know, she talked about it though. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: As soon as you get it, you call the virtual clinic and the virtual clinic that number is just like the front desk at the clinic, you know, if
Dr Katrina Groves: If there's 20 people in line. You just gotta wait your turn and but they will help you go through. Don't open it up until the you get somebody online and then they'll walk you through your pee test and they don't have to be in the bathroom with you. So don't panic.
LG K8+(2018): It doesn't bother me. I do it for probation, so
Dr Katrina Groves: There you go, and also at the hospital, they're going to have you do some blood work.
Dr Katrina Groves: Just to make sure your liver is okay and your kidneys, especially with all that smoking.
Dr Katrina Groves: But I'm so are chewing. I'm so glad that you quit. That's awesome.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. So any other questions on bright heart or how this works.
LG K8+(2018): Um, so is it group every week or what is it
Dr Katrina Groves: Not there is group, but not for you guys. I mean, I'm just my main goal here was to grandfather, all you guys in so that you have somebody to give you scripts, because
Dr Katrina Groves: There's nobody at don't learn. They haven't been able to find a doctor, take my place. So this is just easier but i don't i'm not accepting any new people. I think I have one new person right now and I'm kind of sorry I did because she's kind of all over the map.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I have to see her every single week. But you guys are so awesome. Most of you are in recovery long term, you know, this system you worked with Tony
Dr Katrina Groves: So no, I think for you groups going to be once a month, and maybe even less as a stretches out
Dr Katrina Groves: I just want you to get used to it and I like people that are in recovery and good clean time to be there to talk to other people and it'll all be the people that you know when you used to know from group, right, or did
Dr Katrina Groves: When you did come
LG K8+(2018): Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is there anyone that I usually feel like I absolutely do not want to be in group with these people because they're such assholes or
LG K8+(2018): No, there's nobody that
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, that's good. So yeah, I'll see you on me. I'll give you enough prescription to last until May 5 so that way if something weird happens on the fourth you'll have an extra day but
Dr Katrina Groves: If you miss group. It's a nightmare. It's just crazy. So, so try to come on the fourth and no matter what.
LG K8+(2018): Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'll also do a script today, like I said for that you can pick up next week on the 29th.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is that the day you just you're telling me the day your script was do and you think it was Wednesday. So I'll just say release. When do
Dr Katrina Groves: And then I'll give you enough until the fourth
Dr Katrina Groves: And any problems still I'm in touch with Tony she's she can text me. We can help you deal with stuff, but I'm trying to wean people in away from Tony and onto bright her but she's still a great resource.
LG K8+(2018): Yeah. So what is Tony going to do
Dr Katrina Groves: She's still doing they're doing groups like this at the clinic. Yeah.
LG K8+(2018): Actually
Dr Katrina Groves: Any other things so quickly, so
Dr Katrina Groves: Does it. This will be easing up in a few weeks, I think. But I mean, eventually we're gonna have to let the virus back in at some point, it's just going to be controlled and slow and manageable then
So, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, thanks for taking the time. It's good to see you again. You look array.
LG K8+(2018): Thank you, you too, and I use this. That's your number right and your number never change on the zoom
Dr Katrina Groves: It changes all the time.
LG K8+(2018): Oh,
Dr Katrina Groves: I only use that number. I only use that number for intake. So you can't just go directly to zoom you have to go to the virtual clinic. That's like the front desk, it's like you go to the virtual clinic and they'll give you the number. It'll be a toll.
Dr Katrina Groves: Free number for Monday and every group sex. That's a common question. Okay.
LG K8+(2018): Does that not making sense. No. Does it make sense. Yeah, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'll just call that virtual clinic number and they will
Dr Katrina Groves: Put you in with me.
LG K8+(2018): Okay. Alright, sounds good.
Dr Katrina Groves: okay with losing each other.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Wonderful. Have a wonderful day, Josh.
LG K8+(2018): You to dr growth.
LG K8+(2018): Thank you later. Bye.
Bye.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, I'm waiting for my third one right now, so hang on.
Dr Katrina Groves: He had to dependence. That's intermission. That was, like, major serious severe to tobacco to dependence, but it's in remission. So that's a good diagnosis.
Dr Katrina Groves: No other diagnoses on him.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let me go back a bit to
Dr Katrina Groves: Joey outgrows
Dr Katrina Groves: Addition to my usual HTTP on his scan. There's a old tattoo no signs of track marks.
Dr Katrina Groves: And that he has nicotine dependence that's in remission. That was severe, but it's in remission.
Dr Katrina Groves: His diagnosis, of course, has the opioid dependence severe in remission and he has no other depression, anxiety or other problems. So I think I'm good with him.
Dr Katrina Groves: He does not need a prescription until May 11 so that's
Dr Katrina Groves: Group.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I think I'm done with showing
Dr Katrina Groves: On Josh various
Dr Katrina Groves: He is such as F 11.21 opioid dependence severe in remission. He's also
Dr Katrina Groves: Tobacco or nicotine dependence and chewing tobacco, but again in remission or so that's, that's good. In early remission, I would say.
Dr Katrina Groves: low risk no suicidal thoughts or behaviors.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm going to refill one week's worth of prescription to get him to the fifth of May.
Dr Katrina Groves: His prescription is due on the 29th and will release that until the fifth. But then he supposed to do group on May 4
Dr Katrina Groves: He was a bit distracted.
Dr Katrina Groves: In the car I noticed he had his pencil out he was working on as construction thoughts but
Dr Katrina Groves: Otherwise, it was good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any other option notice on him. Now I think everything else was good. My usual
Dr Katrina Groves: Hello.
Dr Katrina Groves: Template.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right, so I got those two out of the way.
Dr Katrina Groves: My
Dr Katrina Groves: 10 o'clock, no show that was Tony Hatfield so need someone to reach out to him and reschedule.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh man, I've been recording of this time, I'm so sorry.
Dr Katrina Groves: Next is really stoked.
Dr Katrina Groves: To support you say junior because his dad is really stopped.
Dr Katrina Groves: A routing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hey everybody.
LG K8s: How are you
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm well it can hear you. But I can't see you.
LG K8s: Know,
LG K8s: I don't see me either. I see you
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, that's good. There's a way. There's a little video camera icon that you can sometimes click on
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you on a phone or tablet.
LG K8s: I'm on my phone.
On your phone.
LG K8s: Up there I am.
LG K8s: Yeah. Can you see me now.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're out in the woods somewhere where yet.
LG K8s: I'm behind my store. So I'm actually working.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, you're working
LG K8s: Now we're just putting oil crab gear.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yep. How's the crab season going
LG K8s: Uh, not too good for us, it was, it was slow
LG K8s: And
LG K8s: Yeah, it wasn't great.
Dr Katrina Groves: Sorry to hear that.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you have about a half hour for me just to do this out of the way.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yep. Alright.
Dr Katrina Groves: So this is sort of like pretending that we never met before and I don't know your history so
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have on your phones are so that it's more private or are you good how you are
LG K8s: I'm pretty good. There's mom away from everyone.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so start from the beginning. Like, I don't know, age five. Did you use a marijuana cigarette. I mean, start as soon as you remember when your substance use, was it out because they're part of a when you got into stuff and go from there.
LG K8s: Was probably around eight, when I first tried to cigarette and then
LG K8s: Around same time with weed.
LG K8s: Smoking was young.
LG K8s: I don't. It's hard to explain. I guess it's been a long time.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you're kind of going in and out there what, when did you start taking on narcotics or the pills.
LG K8s: By
LG K8s: 13
LG K8s: When I started taking that just because they're around all the time, and it was mainly my bike. Again, it's almost
LG K8s: And then I did that for years.
LG K8s: For a long time, like, I can't remember.
LG K8s: Exactly when I was 14 all the way up to
LG K8s: 3329
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, you get them off the street and for your dad are getting prescriptions for yourself.
LG K8s: Still them from my parents and
LG K8s: However, I could get them.
LG K8s: But that's when I was in my attic. Now it's totally different. I don't do that stuff anymore.
LG K8s: I know, life has changed quite a bit. So yeah, I'd get him on the street. So, and however I
Dr Katrina Groves: Started it ever lead to IV drugs like heroin or anything else.
LG K8s: A lead to mass, never, never, never liked noodles.
LG K8s: Kind of lead do that because I got into Narcos and then that led to math or
LG K8s: Biking in that first and then that led to a Narcos I do methadone and that was my drug of choice not to go and they're really expensive.
LG K8s: So I couldn't afford them one day and I found out that math was like a lot cheaper.
LG K8s: And it lasts a lot longer.
LG K8s: So it kind of got me into that. And I did that for probably
LG K8s: Eight to 10 years, eight years.
LG K8s: Wow, but I probably not even that probably more like sticks, but
LG K8s: The thing about that was I did not like it, but I kept doing it.
LG K8s: It was just, I had an
LG K8s: addictive personality, I guess, I guess, get addicted to tough real easy.
LG K8s: That letting go. I
LG K8s: Just kind of destroyed my life. I kind of
LG K8s: lost a lot of my burns and started to lose my family, my God.
LG K8s: You're
LG K8s: Good. No.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you joined the Suboxone program. I'm trying to remember. I think it was November 2014 if I have it right
LG K8s: Quite a while ago. I think I've been there for five years now. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: It's been over five, five and a half. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did you have any trouble during that time with overdose.
Dr Katrina Groves: End up in the hospital, the problems with God.
LG K8s: Never, never went to the hospital for now.
LG K8s: I felt like times were have a real good way to iron out of my mind, but
LG K8s: I thought showed us what a doctor. But again,
Dr Katrina Groves: And any other substances like volume's bentos alcohol.
Dr Katrina Groves: Cocaine LSD.
LG K8s: I have did basically all them things but never
Dr Katrina Groves: Not that your drug of choice.
LG K8s: Yeah us here in there.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And did you ever have any
Dr Katrina Groves: legal trouble from that probation or anything at all.
LG K8s: No.
LG K8s: To myself.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So right now, how's the Suboxone working for you.
LG K8s: works good for me now. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I you're taking too long to have the eight milligram strips. Now, is that right
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's good. I'm glad you got down a little bit.
Dr Katrina Groves: And
Dr Katrina Groves: Quitting a wanting to get clean because your dad was not gonna let you go into the business within
LG K8s: That was a part of it. But that's not quite the whole thing I really wanted to
LG K8s: In the first place, with the math. I really wanted to get away from the math because I was just like, historian me basically
LG K8s: Yeah. And I was actually at the point or I didn't care if I lived or died. Wow. And
Dr Katrina Groves: We have idle during that time to give a try to take your online.
LG K8s: Oh, I never
LG K8s: Was trying to figure out the day when I got arrested. I was trying to figure out a way to quit. But I knew I couldn't quit by myself.
LG K8s: Caught me pretty good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, maybe the jail system. I've been arrested.
LG K8s: Yeah, yeah, I was actually a
LG K8s: Satan my car. Listen. Music crying because it's bad relationship thing and just I hated myself. I hated without
LG K8s: It no more, but I wasn't thinking about killing myself trying to figure out a way to quit and then just happen got arrested and that was it.
LG K8s: And apart big part of it too is like like you to my dad wasn't he's gonna sell the boat and get rid of everything.
LG K8s: And
LG K8s: That was another
LG K8s: Reason good reason to quit.
LG K8s: And now he proudly and actually thinking about buying a bigger boat.
LG K8s: So,
LG K8s: Beggar nicer boat.
Dr Katrina Groves: Excellent.
Dr Katrina Groves: So do you have any mold problems now like the prep now that you're clean and sober for over five years. Do you still have issues with anxiety, depression or
Dr Katrina Groves: Sleep changes.
LG K8s: Not lately. No, I've been actually doing.
Good.
LG K8s: I do get anxiety, but it's not like it's like anxiety from going on here.
LG K8s: Like that. Dr. Anxiety, like I get nervous when it comes to meetings are going
LG K8s: To the doctor.
Dr Katrina Groves: Sure. I mean, this is nice that you're surrounded by your own house. You don't have to be in the doctor's office. So I'm hoping that you'll be less anxious for you.
LG K8s: I'm actually more comfortable her than
LG K8s: Sitting in the doctor's office.
LG K8s: Yeah, don't around its kind of don't really want to be there anyways.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right actually Tony have groups like this to now. I don't know if you knew that, but she doesn't every morning or a couple mornings a week. And if you ever needed to get on with her. That would be cool.
LG K8s: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So speaking of that on your soapbox and when do you need to refill it looks like it's coming up here pretty quick. You have your box you
LG K8s: Know, I don't
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you know when it's do, isn't it usually like the first of the month or
LG K8s: Maybe it's coming really soon. Yeah.
LG K8s: Okay, carrying a few days.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so I'm going to start prescribing from bright heart here.
Dr Katrina Groves: What pharmacy. Are you using
LG K8s: A Walgreens.
Dr Katrina Groves: Walgreens, and
Dr Katrina Groves: It's gonna be hard. I know once you start fishing.
Dr Katrina Groves: It might be difficult for you to make a group
LG K8s: Well, right now, so it's all this stuff's going on. I'm kind of having more time on my hands.
OK.
Dr Katrina Groves: So the options. This next week. Well,
Dr Katrina Groves: My Monday and Thursday are like really booked but
Dr Katrina Groves: So I could go ahead and just do your prescription and put you a month out for a visit. But I don't want to make it too.
Dr Katrina Groves: Which is better for you. Monday nights like at 5:45pm or Thursday mornings at 10am as a rule, or do you just need to play it week by week
LG K8s: I never know what I'm going to be doing.
LG K8s: Or week by week but
LG K8s: I don't know what
LG K8s: My schedule is kind of hard. Go do it like I wasn't supposed to work today, but I'm here at storage so
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so why don't we make it um
Dr Katrina Groves: How about Thursday, the seventh of May at 10 o'clock. I mean, I don't know. It's like you said, if that's
Dr Katrina Groves: Just make sure you know that I have two groups or Monday nights at 545 and Tuesday Thursdays at 10 and I was like one of them sometime this month.
LG K8s: Okay, Thursday night.
Dr Katrina Groves: No Thursday morning at 10 or Monday nights at 545
LG K8s: Thursday at 10
LG K8s: In the morning
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, like right about now.
LG K8s: I'm good. And then was other one
Dr Katrina Groves: Monday nights at 5:45pm
Dr Katrina Groves: And I'll put you down for Thursday, the seventh of may just tentatively right now.
LG K8s: Thursday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, tentatively if that works. You could also come Monday, the fourth if that works better in the evening.
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't really care. I just want to get you. It won't be this week, but it'll be the next week after
LG K8s: Okay, well,
LG K8s: I'll try to get at least one of those this month. Yeah.
LG K8s: Thursday 10 in the morning Monday at 545
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. And the trick with right heart is there's so many people doing video. Now it takes a long time. There's maybe 150 people all over the world that check in at one time.
Dr Katrina Groves: So it's good if you try to get on a half hour early and then just keep doing what you're doing, do some work, whatever. Just you'll be sitting in the waiting room, basically. And then I'll let people in
Dr Katrina Groves: Also there's a different group number every time. So you go to the virtual clinic. It's called. It's like the front desk. The phone number you call today.
LG K8s: Yeah, I'm talk to one lady.
Dr Katrina Groves: It'll be a lady every time. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then, and then they'll put you in whatever group room. I am so it's never the same number twice.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so I'll just go ahead and give you a prescription at Walgreens or a month and then hopefully you'll get in sometime
Dr Katrina Groves: This next week.
LG K8s: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: You like it if you really let us know if you're not able to make the visit to that helps
LG K8s: Okay, like guys to call and cancel it. If I'm too busy.
LG K8s: Yeah, and do I call the First Lady.
Dr Katrina Groves: Just I think always call that virtual clinic. I don't know. I don't really know the whole process, but always calling that like you said that first lady.
LG K8s: Okay, I don't know her name so
Dr Katrina Groves: So let me just ask you a few other questions. And do you have any allergies at all that, you know, I have to medication.
LG K8s: Not to medication now.
Oh, yeah.
LG K8s: bee stings. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have an epi pen or anything on hand.
LG K8s: I never got epi pen yet.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did you want one.
LG K8s: Good idea to have one because I am in the woods, a lot around been
LG K8s: Doing gardening.
Dr Katrina Groves: So as God your primary care doctor or who is it
LG K8s: You know i'm not i'm not sure about you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, I'm doing Suboxone so I'm not your primary care doctor, though.
LG K8s: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Cuz I don't even. I'm only a contractor for the clinic I don't work for them anymore. So you need to get yourself. It's hard right now. But if you have any medical problems, you're still
Dr Katrina Groves: The clinic is still your medical home.
LG K8s: Yeah, you know that name does sound familiar
Dr Katrina Groves: going upward. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So do you. You don't have any high blood pressure issues anymore. Or do you do you take that the heart medicine for palpitations.
LG K8s: KNOW I HAVE BEEN I'VE BEEN actually doing really well lately.
LG K8s: Been a lot better.
LG K8s: Like I quite the energy drinks and caffeine pills and all that. And I think that part of it.
Dr Katrina Groves: I think you're right.
LG K8s: Because sometimes, it kind of quit doing it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And have you ever been in the hospital before for any reason.
LG K8s: Just BROKEN HAND, long time ago.
LG K8s: And I went in and got my heart, check out without all that was going on. So last year sometime
Dr Katrina Groves: Your
Dr Katrina Groves: Hearts. Sorry I surgery to write cataracts or something.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, when
LG K8s: Was that you or your dad.
LG K8s: My Dad Well both we both that my dad had a cataract surgery and I had the same agree, but they actually put a plastic lens in my
Okay.
LG K8s: Yeah, it's kind of weird. We both had the same situation.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's weird.
Dr Katrina Groves: So speaking of your
Dr Katrina Groves: Family history is your mom still living.
LG K8s: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any medical problems, high blood pressure, heart disease, diabetes stroke.
LG K8s: My dad has diabetes.
LG K8s: And my mom does have
LG K8s: Thing.
LG K8s: Not sure about high blood pressure. I think I want to say she does, but I'm not sure.
LG K8s: Okay, what's
LG K8s: Wrong, but I'm not 100% sure we're just
Dr Katrina Groves: any brothers or sisters already
LG K8s: Got two sisters
Dr Katrina Groves: And are they any medical problems they have
LG K8s: No, no, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and any plans that you have or have you escaped that
LG K8s: Nope, no kids, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: What about girlfriend.
LG K8s: No, not yet.
Dr Katrina Groves: Not even friends with your ex anymore.
LG K8s: No, I do have one girl that we're not we're not really a couple, but we hang out a lot. Your thing go.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hiking
LG K8s: Yeah, I keep surfing. I got into something really bad for a lot lately. And that's, like, you know, work conserve
LG K8s: Yeah hydrofoil
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow hydrofoil awesome
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, you take good photographs to remember that about
LG K8s: Yeah, it's been a long time I start doing that again.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so good coping thing to do when you can't do too much outside
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so do you live with your dad or do you have your own place.
LG K8s: Now I'm living with my parents right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, saves money.
LG K8s: And over that.
Is my
Dr Katrina Groves: Any legal problems do they ask you that that anything left over from the times like jail probation anything. No good and any see allergies to medication that I asked you that are just the beast.
LG K8s: Yeah yeah that's me know
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, and then I'm just going to go head to toe for a minute and see it in the last week or two. Have you had any of these symptoms.
Dr Katrina Groves: So any Fevers or chills.
LG K8s: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Any bad weight gain or weight loss.
Dr Katrina Groves: Know, night sweats.
LG K8s: And also I get sweaty at night when I'm sleeping, but not. I think that's normal.
LG K8s: Like a too many blankets.
Dr Katrina Groves: Sweaty
Dr Katrina Groves: Any cold intolerance.
LG K8s: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Any coffee. These are shortness of breath.
Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: And right now, you said your palpitations, or under control and no chest pain or pressure
LG K8s: No. When I smell cigarette smoke. I do have a little bit of pain in my chest.
LG K8s: Hmm. So I do need to get that checked out.
So,
LG K8s: But it's not like it used to be like he used to hurt all the time. Every day I feel pain it somehow.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hey, your body was telling me something. So you're on vapor pen. Still, or did you get on
LG K8s: I've been off that for about a year and you're now a little over a year.
Dr Katrina Groves: Really, so you're not smoking at all.
LG K8s: No. No. Only thing I do nowadays is coffee and the Suboxone that is
LG K8s: Great. I'm very healthy now.
Dr Katrina Groves: That is great. I'm so happy.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, stomach, um, any abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation,
LG K8s: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Any tremors or seizure activity or vertigo dizziness or headaches.
LG K8s: Every once in a great while I'm I twitch my eyelid.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh yeah, that happens sometimes it's just like
spasms.
Dr Katrina Groves: But it happens to everybody, so mentally. It sounds like you don't have any mood swings know depression or anxiety. No suicidal thoughts, no sleep problems, except once in a while.
LG K8s: I noticed
LG K8s: If I do not, if I don't take Suboxone I don't
LG K8s: I do have sleep problems like when I'm detox. I'm not that
LG K8s: Kind of talks. Awesome. If you don't take him.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, that's true.
LG K8s: If I forget it or not. I do.
LG K8s: But when i'm suppose what I'm supposed to do.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and you know there is that long acting one sub blockade, it's a shot and people at the clinic have been trying it so
Dr Katrina Groves: It lasts for 3045 days and it won't. It's not like every day. You got to take your scripts or you're going to go like that, it's stable. So think about
LG K8s: If that's an option for
LG K8s: You yeah I'm getting thumbs meals. That's right on.
LG K8s: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So we're pretty much about done. The only things I wanted to remind you is
Dr Katrina Groves: That the bright heart is going to call you just to do some psychological testing.
Dr Katrina Groves: So just be prepared. There's a lot of questions. Thank you.
Dr Katrina Groves: So just do that as quick as you can.
LG K8s: Like
LG K8s: Is either call me like just randomly, or do I have to make a meeting for
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't know. I think it's probably an appointment, you'll probably get with your therapist, they have to do something called the bio psychosocial profile.
Dr Katrina Groves: And, you know, let them know you're a fisherman and you have the regular hours, but they'll at the beginning with Brighton heart. There's a lot of paperwork to go through. So try to be patient with that.
Dr Katrina Groves: They will send you a peek up in the mail and
Dr Katrina Groves: They're going to want you to call when you receive your peak cup and they'll explain how to go through that.
Dr Katrina Groves: They'll do before every visit, they'll do a little check in with you that takes a few minutes, so just make sure that you come to every group like 30 minutes early. If you can, that's
LG K8s: Important you
LG K8s: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: And if you miss a group, like I said, if you call ahead. That's great.
Dr Katrina Groves: Try not to miss them because I want to try to get your prescription hooked up with your visit day, but I know your job is kind of crazy.
LG K8s: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'll just
LG K8s: This one on one groups are actually multiple people with us.
Dr Katrina Groves: there'll be people that you know from group like Casey, AND I DON'T KNOW. Josh Tiffany people that you know from the clinic.
LG K8s: Yeah, so I'll see all their faces in the bottom of the screen.
LG K8s: Yeah, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I would have you come this next week, but I'm too crazy books. So I'll see you on the what we decided, either the fourth at night or the seventh in the morning, and I'll give you a choice of which one to go to
Dr Katrina Groves: But
Dr Katrina Groves: I will prescribe the month at Walgreens for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: And the EPI pen as well.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then you get in with your doctor dodi for the chart stuff they're doing virtual clinics. But I don't know how much you can do in the
Pandemic
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm freezing. Freezing our day.
LG K8s: Yeah.
All right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any other questions for me, Rudy before I let you go.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alrighty.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, bear with all the technology and
Dr Katrina Groves: I will see you in a couple weeks.
And
LG K8s: I understand it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Noisy noisy.
LG K8s: That's why I'm here to the motorcycle and
Dr Katrina Groves: So you can always reach out to tell me if you have questions or problems too. Okay.
LG K8s: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, so
Dr Katrina Groves: I've got somebody at 10 so I'm going to see if you can figure out how to get yourself out of the meeting and I will see you in
Two weeks.
LG K8s: You mean 11
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh yeah, you're right. Oh gosh, yeah. I have somebody at 11
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, you're gonna have to be my secretary, I need one.
LG K8s: Okay.
LG K8s: Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I got seven people back to back here today, you have a good day to take care of yourself.
LG K8s: You do.
LG K8s: Thank you. Bye bye. Welcome.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, I will get to him later. I have my new one who is Jennifer Haley, no, sorry. Jennifer Snyder she know showed last week. So, see what I can do with her.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hello.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hello there.
Jennifer Snider: Hello.
Hi.
Dr Katrina Groves: Can you see me.
Jennifer Snider: I can. Can you see me.
Dr Katrina Groves: No, I cannot. So there's
Dr Katrina Groves: There's a video camera somewhere on the bottom of your phone or whatever you're on.
Jennifer Snider: Start my video.
Dr Katrina Groves: There it is.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Awesome.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I love that background is that stars are Nova, or what is it
Jennifer Snider: It's a backdrop. My grandma got it for me.
Dr Katrina Groves: I love it. I need to get a backdrop. Right now, I'm just kind of in my back office.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm glad to see you. What happened last time. You just slept in.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, I figured
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Sleep is precious. Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, thanks for taking the time. This will take just about a half hour okay so
Dr Katrina Groves: We're gonna have to kind of pretend that I haven't seen you before. And I don't know your stuff and and start at the beginning. Like brings bad memories. I know, but starting
Dr Katrina Groves: however old you were, whether it was marijuana when you were six or alcohol when you were five or just start from the beginning about your substance abuse and just tell me how it what happened in
Dr Katrina Groves: Your history.
Okay.
Jennifer Snider: Um, well.
Jennifer Snider: I was around six, six or seven when I first smoked weed my uncle. I was living up my Grandpa's house and my uncle was
Jennifer Snider: Around 14 or 15 and we went out back and
Jennifer Snider: We got stoned. Well, he got me stoned.
Jennifer Snider: And
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, so that was my first time with marijuana
Jennifer Snider: And then I smoked. My first cigarette. When I was nine and
Jennifer Snider: And then didn't start actually smoking cigarettes until I was 14 then I started smoking as like an actual habit.
Jennifer Snider: But, and then
Jennifer Snider: When I first drink, and then I sort of went a little crazy and was wanting to drink all the time, any chance I could get and then
Jennifer Snider: First time I did math. I was. It was after my mom died. So I was 15 or 16
Jennifer Snider: Was the first time I smoked mess.
Jennifer Snider: And then
Jennifer Snider: 18 is when I started doing math all the time.
Jennifer Snider: 19 is when I started doing heroin all the time.
Jennifer Snider: And then, yeah.
Jennifer Snider: 20 I tried to get sober because I thought I was pregnant.
Jennifer Snider: But then I completed the program. It was the is when I met Tony and
Jennifer Snider: I did that for Trillium okay
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, the JRC
Jennifer Snider: So I did that successfully and then I went to a sober living house and
Jennifer Snider: But then my boyfriend from Oregon, who had gotten into heroin with moved down to try get sober to yeah I didn't work out. We ended up using and then Oregon so
Jennifer Snider: And then
Jennifer Snider: After he went to prison. I came back home and got sober for over a year I was sober, but I was drinking all the time. So then I ended up going back to math and then heroin and
Jennifer Snider: Then this is my
Jennifer Snider: Last time trying to get sober AND I'VE BEEN SOBER SINCE
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, so I had down that you joined us in February of 2017, is that right about
Jennifer Snider: I don't know.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's true. And you've had, like,
Dr Katrina Groves: Three years.
Dr Katrina Groves: Three years of the program.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and I know that you've used alcohol every now and then.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you still drinking or what's up with that.
Jennifer Snider: Because no no I have, I could probably
Jennifer Snider: Count how many times that I've drank on
Jennifer Snider: Five, six fingers.
Dr Katrina Groves: In the last what
Jennifer Snider: And the whole time I've been in the program.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, awesome.
Jennifer Snider: No, I didn't really go back to alcohol. It just, like, on occasion, you know, good.
Dr Katrina Groves: I mean, to me, that's a trigger for you because that's what started everything rolling. Again, you know,
Yeah.
Jennifer Snider: Yes, it is.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I know that it was your
Dr Katrina Groves: Wasn't your grandpa. Yeah. Your grandpa had
Jennifer Snider: Yeah.
Jennifer Snider: Alcohol problems so
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, and my brother now to unfortunately
Dr Katrina Groves: Your brother. That's a dad.
Jennifer Snider: Yes.
Jennifer Snider: Oh no, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: It runs in families. It's really hard.
Jennifer Snider: Does it does
Dr Katrina Groves: Is he listened to you at all or
Jennifer Snider: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: There was a time when he worshiped the ground. He walked on.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, but now he's got his own way, you know, all you can do is just love him and tell him all the time and be supportive and you know he'll come to you if he has a problem, right, because
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, you know. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you're living with your aunt still right
Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so how do you think the Suboxone works for you for the cravings and all that.
Jennifer Snider: Oh my god. Amazing. Amazing. Like, I've never really had hard times with cravings.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, which is like it's a blessing. You know, because I see other people in, they do. And it's like, it sucks you know but. But for me personally. It's amazing.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah.
Jennifer Snider: He's adorable.
Dr Katrina Groves: She knew
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, my
Jennifer Snider: She was actually a renters. The, the father and daughter who rented the trailer from us.
Jennifer Snider: Her and a big dog German Shepherd, but they were like a mean to her. They didn't like her, and he would kicker and shit.
Jennifer Snider: I know when she so small. I mean, Auntie waiter. She's only eight pounds. You can't kick the dog, you know, and so
Jennifer Snider: So I took her
Dr Katrina Groves: Good for you.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, and she's a little baby, she's so cuddly and
Dr Katrina Groves: Part of your like coping skills like when you feel stressed, you find
Jennifer Snider: Ya better
Jennifer Snider: Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
Jennifer Snider: Last night, actually.
Jennifer Snider: I was staying up late. Of course, bad habit, but I was
Jennifer Snider: staying up late and I was watching Hulu.
Dr Katrina Groves: And
Jennifer Snider: I sit on the edge of my bed, and I woke up on my back and Chloe was licking my face all over, like you thought I was or something.
Jennifer Snider: Like, wake up, wake up.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh how cute.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so when speaking of Suboxone when it. What is your pharmacy and when you do for your next script.
Jennifer Snider: Walmart and actually I just got a full one with a refill. Just the other day. So I'm good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, darn it, I wanted to start prescribing through bright heart.
Oh,
Dr Katrina Groves: So you just got it. What day was it
Dr Katrina Groves: About
Jennifer Snider: Wednesday, I think, or Thursday.
Dr Katrina Groves: So like the 23rd.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, I think so. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I do want you to come to. I'm going to try and give you scripts during group and I want you to come in. So like in a month, maybe when you're due for your. Well, you're not you have a retail, but
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So that'll be 1234, are you better with Monday night groups, Jennifer, like at 545 or do you prefer Thursday morning at 10 which is kind of early
Dr Katrina Groves: And night group. Definitely. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, so I can have you come on the 18th. If that works for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, D, or six, I have seven people but I I'm I'll put you down. So mark down from May 18 at 545
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and
Dr Katrina Groves: 4045. Yeah, but you know, check in at 515 because with all the people doing zoom. Now it's crazy. There's hundreds and hundreds of people that want to join a program like this because of the
Jennifer Snider: And
Dr Katrina Groves: The front desk. People get really stressed out. So like, there's not enough people. So it's like getting in line.
Jennifer Snider: The colon. Yeah, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Get yourself checked in early they always have a questionnaire to ask you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so that'd be good. So I'll say no. Our x, but you'll have to remind me and. Okay, good. And so going back to just your who's your primary care doctor at the clinic or or do you go to the ending clinic, you
Jennifer Snider: Know, I go to the open door is Keeter I think it's Michelle theater.
Dr Katrina Groves: Perfect. Awesome.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You take any other medication from her because I know for a while you were taking Clonidine, are you still
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, yeah, Lexapro, and Clonidine
Dr Katrina Groves: And your Lexapro, and looking at your other computer. I've got to going here.
Dr Katrina Groves: 20 milligrams once a day.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, Lexapro, and then the quantity is 0.1 milligrams and how often do you take that
Jennifer Snider: I only take
Jennifer Snider: I'll take one at night and a half during the day, if, if I need it. I don't take them everything
Dr Katrina Groves: And it's for anxiety mostly right
Jennifer Snider: Yes, yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's working for you. It's not making you tired or anything.
Dr Katrina Groves: No good.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so you have depression is it at some point somebody like polar bi polar on your chart, but I'm not sure if that's really true or not true.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, when I was younger, I was diagnosed with bipolar. But, um,
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, I don't know.
Jennifer Snider: It might be
Jennifer Snider: You know the bipolar that leans more depressive
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, I think, I think I have that
Dr Katrina Groves: I think you're right. It's Bipolar two, is what it looks like. Jerry Lynn Rubin at mental health. She did like a telemedicine with you at some
Jennifer Snider: Yes. Yeah. And she was really good because she did it for my mother. So she knew my family history.
Jennifer Snider: Awesome. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you still see her.
Jennifer Snider: No, I haven't. I haven't seen her in a long time, actually.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's okay if you're stable, that's great. But you have someone please reach out to if you need it again.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: So you're no longer cutting or doing any kind of self injury behavior.
Jennifer Snider: You know, not for years.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. How about bingeing
Dr Katrina Groves: bulimia, anorexia bingeing purging anything like that.
No.
Jennifer Snider: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And let's see here. Have you been in hospital for any other reason like I don't know surgeries appendix gallbladder.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, I've had my appendix taken out when I was younger and right before I came into the program. I had to have emergency surgery because I had an ectopic pregnancy.
Jennifer Snider: Oh, that's right. Oh, yeah. And then I've been in the hospital probably like three times.
Jennifer Snider: Well, more than that with abscesses, for some reason, and which is weird because. Okay, so my first year in the program on my birthday. I was in the hospital was an abscess. The next year, my two year it was the 26th of May, a couple days before my birthday. I was in there with another one.
Dr Katrina Groves: What the heck are you talking
Dr Katrina Groves: Or different
Dr Katrina Groves: dental abscess.
Jennifer Snider: Oh no, the abscess is like on my skin like cellulitis
Jennifer Snider: Not
Jennifer Snider: Not Murcia, no.
Jennifer Snider: Okay, yeah, but um I first started getting those when I got three. The first time I got an abscess. I got three on my arm Malaysia and then my
Jennifer Snider: On the other side of my league when I was living in Salem. I thought it was for my drug use.
Jennifer Snider: But, but
Jennifer Snider: My grandma says that she's to get him on her side, so
Jennifer Snider: I think in the doctor said some people just more prone to get them so
Dr Katrina Groves: You haven't had one this year on your birthday, happy.
Jennifer Snider: Not this year. Nope.
Jennifer Snider: But I still got a month ago. Yeah, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Like a lot of vitamins and Akhenaten, whatever.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Okay, so, um, let's see, what are you using for birth control.
Jennifer Snider: I am on the implant in my arm.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how long has it been there.
Jennifer Snider: I'm
Jennifer Snider: Probably since November, December.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, here we go. So, December 2019
Jennifer Snider: Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you're good for three years.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, good. And are you are you having a boyfriend. Now tell me your, your
Dr Katrina Groves: Is that the same guy from the hotel or
Jennifer Snider: Yeah. Same guy, but I'm actually sort of thinking we're not right for each other.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh really,
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, um,
Jennifer Snider: Yeah.
Jennifer Snider: Like in my life. I want to
Jennifer Snider: I want to achieve things. And I want to have a family and just thinking long term. I don't think I would be comfortable having kids with him because he blows all of his money on the casino.
Jennifer Snider: And then goes and borrows money from all these people, then he has to pay those people back. So then he has no money, but then he's wasted all you know and
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow, sounds like he has a gambling addiction.
Jennifer Snider: Does really bad.
Jennifer Snider: He says that he says it was worse than his mess habit.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you know is right switching addictions his brain is looking for that happy hi somewhere.
Jennifer Snider: Yep, got it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Find it channel, it does something like golf or
Jennifer Snider: I know he he has cool hobbies, like, you like to read would and he he will shave it down and lacquer it and he has me skin boards, all the time, which is really cool. But yeah.
So, I mean, there's
Jennifer Snider: There's lots of good things about them, but I just
Jennifer Snider: Where I think we're just two different he gets like angry really easy and
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, I feel like always apologizing for something which is not okay so
Dr Katrina Groves: No. So there could be some domestic violence in his future
Jennifer Snider: That's what john said because I brought it up in group, the other day, and
Jennifer Snider: In like which and I didn't want to say this because it sounds so domestic violence and but I don't think he would, because he grew up with it and he always says how he so against it. But then again, who knows anything could happen, you know. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: People that grew up with domestic violence in their tissues, it's in. It's in there, you know, and they can't help it, even though they say, I'll never do it on never do it. It sometimes a switch just lips, and it turns that on and they have no control. So
Dr Katrina Groves: I think that sounds. Why is knowing your history to maybe back off and look for someone else.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: So any kids that you have at all. I mean pregnant miscarriages abortions.
Jennifer Snider: Ahead. I'm pretty sure I had a miscarriage. When I was 20 and went into the program.
Jennifer Snider: Because I had missed my period. And that's why I went. That's why I came back to California to get the rehab and my, my first week in the program.
Jennifer Snider: I woke up at like 4AM with really bad pains in my stomach. And so it was like four four o'clock, and we had to get up at six anyways. And so I went into the shower and
Jennifer Snider: Hold on.
Jennifer Snider: Okay. And I was in the shower and all of a sudden, all these big blood clots dropped out to me and they were huge. And it was so much of them and and so I told the older women and the rehab and they're like, that sounds like a miscarriage.
Jennifer Snider: So I'm not because I didn't go to the doctor. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: That doesn't mean you can't have kids, again, still can, and you're only 26 so yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. So tell me about your school then are you still working on your program or what
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, I was taking statistics and art but
Jennifer Snider: I got behind the statistics, it's just, it's so hard.
Dr Katrina Groves: Was a hard class.
Jennifer Snider: I know I've always had a hard trouble with numbers too so
Dr Katrina Groves: Did you get it. Are you gonna drop it and retake it
Jennifer Snider: I think I'm gonna have to retake it
Jennifer Snider: Yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: Second time's a charm.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I do remember that picture. You did of yourself. That was amazing. The drawing portrait.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah. You want to see the tree. I'm working on.
Where
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't want to lose the connection now.
Jennifer Snider: Oh, no. No, you won't.
Jennifer Snider: Do you see it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, beautiful. Yes, that's like a tree of life there. Whoa, that's
Dr Katrina Groves: A look at
Dr Katrina Groves: Those roots. Good.
Jennifer Snider: I meant. I'm really proud of that way.
Dr Katrina Groves: Like it
Dr Katrina Groves: Thanks. Alright, so let me move on to your family history. I'm your mother died of was it what happened car accident.
Jennifer Snider: Oh no heart she she had heart disease, but she was a drug addict, too. And so
Jennifer Snider: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And your father. Is he still living.
Jennifer Snider: I don't know who he is. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's probably a good thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: When do you know anything about him as far as a drug addict as well.
Jennifer Snider: I don't know, actually, because we don't have no idea who he is.
Dr Katrina Groves: And siblings.
Jennifer Snider: I have two brothers.
Dr Katrina Groves: And. Are they healthy. Well, or they have substance abuse.
Jennifer Snider: Alum my youngest one Kyle, who lives in sweats with my other family and he
Jennifer Snider: He. I don't think there's any problems. He moved up here for a little bit though any he does smoke weed.
Jennifer Snider: But, um, I don't know. He had to move back because he wasn't doing his homework and stuff so
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and then your other brother, like you said, as a father and drinking on bit
Jennifer Snider: So good. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And are you still employed at the casino or at the hotels or whatnot. Any with your job and stuff.
Jennifer Snider: No, I'm not working the hotels are actually shut down.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right, I heard they might be opening and again to try to put people in there that either to get affected or to get them from being infected so
Dr Katrina Groves: You might be asking for workers again.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any legal issues that happen from your past that you still have no
Jennifer Snider: No, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: And see allergies. Do you have any allergies.
Dr Katrina Groves: Haldol. Oh, yes.
Jennifer Snider: My god, that's terrible.
Jennifer Snider: Ever so
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm gonna go sort of head to toe review of systems and the pattern. This is just in the past week or two. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, blowing my phone up
Dr Katrina Groves: Hang on. Oh, it's Tony
Jennifer Snider: I was thinking that
Dr Katrina Groves: Squeezing he'd seen a strange number didn't thank you department as well.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes 30 minutes. Sorry, talking about the next
Jennifer Snider: Person to check in.
Dr Katrina Groves: On telling everybody 30 minutes early, because Brian heard is is just flooded. So come like yeah, like in 30 minutes early.
Jennifer Snider: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So any Fevers or chills or night sweats know any fatigue or weight gain or
Jennifer Snider: A little bit of weight gain.
Dr Katrina Groves: IPhone cuz you're less active
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, and any falling asleep in your soup during the day. Do you just get exhausted.
Jennifer Snider: No good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Respiratory trouble coughing, wheezing shortness of breath.
Jennifer Snider: Well, I have asthma. So be a little bit
Dr Katrina Groves: That's right. And so you have an inhaler right now.
Jennifer Snider: I actually don't it's expired. I need to get one from
Jennifer Snider: Dr. Peter
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, please. Do you have a way to do that to call it this call the pharmacy and they'll probably do it for you.
Jennifer Snider: Okay, I also need to resell of my Lexapro, so I need to call them about that too.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, yeah, I'd rather for now that you just stick with them for your other medical issues.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I'll just do your Suboxone
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, and it's a beer.
Dr Katrina Groves: On your chest heart any chest pain, pressure, heart palpitations.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, falling of your legs.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh really,
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, too much salt.
Or
Jennifer Snider: They just well sometimes
Dr Katrina Groves: He's probably talk to Dr. Peter about that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Your blood in it.
Jennifer Snider: I don't know. I have bad circulation, though.
Jennifer Snider: In varicose veins.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, the varicose veins. That's right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, I'll do it. You're supposed to wear stockings or something to
Dr Katrina Groves: Keep those from getting worse when yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: Years old, you're gonna be like
Jennifer Snider: No, I know my my legs already start to look like my grandpa.
Jennifer Snider: I know too young.
Dr Katrina Groves: To work though, if you'll wear them.
Dr Katrina Groves: And they may have looking ones now.
Jennifer Snider: Oh,
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so moving to your stomach abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation,
Jennifer Snider: Bless the patients because
Dr Katrina Groves: Patient. How do you deal with that. That's probably enough Suboxone
Jennifer Snider: Yes, it is. I try to get as much fiber, as I can and I also have fiber gametes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. So you don't need a stool softener, anything like that from, you know, okay, and I was like any tremor, or seizures or vertigo, dizziness, headaches, migraines, no. Okay. And your mood. You said your mood is good. No, depression, while your depression is controlled with your Lexapro right now.
Jennifer Snider: I actually had to to really bad lows though within the last couple of months. Oh, yeah.
Jennifer Snider: In this last one I like to stop talking to everyone and just. Yeah, I know. And just like even Cathy and and Ryan, we sort of thought about that.
Jennifer Snider: And yeah and but and I just pulled myself out of it and and it just snowballed like when I stopped replying to everyone. It just got out of hand and then another day, another day. And another day went by and then I was like, oh my god, they're gonna think I'm using, you know,
Jennifer Snider: And then I was like, I don't know what to say. But, but I finally just sucked it up and
Jennifer Snider: Talk to everyone and so
Dr Katrina Groves: You feel bad.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now, good. So there are move their mood stabilizers out there and they can add here, Lexapro. If you're having mood. I'll kind of let them know
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And maybe there's something she can do to help so no suicidal thoughts. So even in your down down time
Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: And see what
Dr Katrina Groves: Did your allergies. I did your Mads, oh, are you still smoking.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah Oh cigarettes are wet.
Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what have you tried to do before to quit or do you not feel like quitting right now.
Jennifer Snider: And I'm not there yet, but I do have
Jennifer Snider: The patches set
Jennifer Snider: Yeah.
Jennifer Snider: The all gathered yet.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, so when I'm ready. I have that
Dr Katrina Groves: Somewhere as you're like on the zero is I'm not ready at all and 10 is like, oh yeah, I'm ready to quit today. Where do you feel like they're adding that
Jennifer Snider: I'm like in the middle. I'm like a five.
Dr Katrina Groves: So why is it not a two.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or lower
Like why
Jennifer Snider: Because I don't know like I don't I don't like having to smoke and spend all my money on it and I don't like the way it smells and I got bad breath, but I don't know I just been smoking for so long.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hard
Jennifer Snider: It is, yeah.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, so I do you want to quit. Eventually, because it's so bad for me.
Jennifer Snider: It's so bad for me and I'm really scared of getting cancer.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's scary. And it's also really bad for of course your asthma. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: If you were to get the code virus, you would be in trouble. So I hope you keep isolating. Don't be one of those people that volunteers to get sick.
Jennifer Snider: No, I'm not.
Jennifer Snider: No, definitely.
Dr Katrina Groves: Tony stop texting me that girl.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let's see. Yeah. Do you still gotta do Tony's groups. Yeah.
Jennifer Snider: I just did one. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: What time I heard
Jennifer Snider: Same time
Jennifer Snider: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what did we decide on which do you think you're gonna like best. We're gonna do it may 18. Is that right,
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, I just, okay, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I had to write it down to
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, so, um, questions.
Dr Katrina Groves: For me about how the groups are going to work or anything.
Um,
Jennifer Snider: No. Oh, they told me to that I have to do the beacon. I have to call beacon and get the number for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, okay.
Jennifer Snider: What's that mean
Dr Katrina Groves: So they might want to do. I don't understand what that means. They might is that are they trying to do a bio psychosocial profile on you.
Jennifer Snider: Know they want to
Jennifer Snider: For they need to do a mental health assessment and then they have to give me like a registration number that they said, I give you
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, well, you won't give me you'll give it to one of the girls at the front.
Jennifer Snider: Okay, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: If you have any questions on that just call them back because people at the virtual clinic are really helpful. So
Dr Katrina Groves: That the main bright heart number just say hey, but that would be great if you got all this paperwork, they have a ton of stuff. They have to put in the computer and they follow it. So if you can just get on that not procrastinate.
Jennifer Snider: Yeah, I know.
Dr Katrina Groves: My
Jennifer Snider: Hero, the
Dr Katrina Groves: sooner you do that, then the better I can take care of what I need to take care of and get that all out of the way.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, but every time that you do a group, they're going to ask you, like, seven questions and it's every single group and it only takes about five minutes, but just be aware that, you know, you're gonna have some kind of little check in every time.
Jennifer Snider: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you guys are awesome. Alright, so let me. You're going to talk to cater about getting your inhaler, and maybe
Dr Katrina Groves: Your varicose veins, a little get some stockings at Walmart or
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're gonna come to Guru and he keeps saying Tony and you don't need Suboxone right now.
Jennifer Snider: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right. Oh, I love your
Neighbor.
Jennifer Snider: Good senior
Dr Katrina Groves: All right.
Jennifer Snider: Okay, bye.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, that was Jennifer Snyder. I didn't realize I should probably be telling you these people's names.
Dr Katrina Groves: Unless you've got it on
Dr Katrina Groves: ciphers slack or whatever.
Dr Katrina Groves: But that was Jennifer Snyder and she is
Dr Katrina Groves: How old is she,
Dr Katrina Groves: her birthday is 528 93 she's a good girl.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, I'll have to get back to her later because I gotta get on
Dr Katrina Groves: Hang on a second. Next person. Okay, next is Julie vanderpool man. These 30 an hour is too long. That 30 minutes just
Dr Katrina Groves: Julie vanderpool Date of Birth is 70 to 80 and she has been in my group since 724 seven I believe she has two years queen. She has a history of
Dr Katrina Groves: So affective disorder that was caused by met them bad news, interesting, but I'll let her in. And we'll talk
Dr Katrina Groves: Hi, Julie.
Julie Vanderpool: Hi.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hi, thanks for waiting.
Julie Vanderpool: No problem.
Dr Katrina Groves: I can see your name, but I can't see you. Do you have a video.
Dr Katrina Groves: There are
Dr Katrina Groves: Your home. Nice.
Julie Vanderpool: Hi bata FRIENDS, ACTUALLY, but yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I'm glad to see your earphones.
Julie Vanderpool: Yes, they came with the phone. So it's rather handy.
Great.
Dr Katrina Groves: So yeah, this was just like an intake for bright heart. I'm so excited. You're going to be with us, and I'm not gonna you
Julie Vanderpool: Know,
Julie Vanderpool: No you're not.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. So this is kind of like an intake, which I know you've had a lot of people work already with Breitbart, but this is just to go over a few things that I need medically
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And the first thing is might take about a half hour. I'm running a little bit over
Julie Vanderpool: That's okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So remind me from the very beginning, if you can remember how old you were when you started having
Dr Katrina Groves: Any drug issues at all. So I just want to substance abuse history for you, like, whether it's drugs, alcohol, I mean what started marijuana and alcohol, what
Julie Vanderpool: It started with alcohol and that was probably
Julie Vanderpool: 1415
Julie Vanderpool: Oh, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And progress how from them.
Julie Vanderpool: So progressed into a pretty serious drinking problem.
Julie Vanderpool: Continuously the drugs didn't start until
Julie Vanderpool: I want to say I was, well, no, I'm sorry I experimented with different things, but the daily drug problem happened around 25
Julie Vanderpool: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: And what did you get hooked on the most. What was your drug of choice.
Methamphetamine
Dr Katrina Groves: And so when did the opioids view experiment with those in the beginning to
Julie Vanderpool: Yes, those are kind of consistently throughout just whenever I could get my hands on them sort of thing.
Julie Vanderpool: So like
Dr Katrina Groves: I get your coat
Julie Vanderpool: What North narco Vicodin and Percocet, where my Bates.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then the math, though, that somehow got to be even more.
Julie Vanderpool: He asked
Dr Katrina Groves: What do you think the difference was like the
Dr Katrina Groves: Narcotics and the math. Why do you. Why do you think you did that change.
Julie Vanderpool: Well, initially the meth kept me from blacking out on alcohol.
Julie Vanderpool: That was my main attraction to it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And downer. And then that was your up
Julie Vanderpool: Mm hmm. And then that just became a daily thing that it seemed like I couldn't
Julie Vanderpool: Go through a day without
Julie Vanderpool: So then the opiates kind of fit in, like,
Julie Vanderpool: Kind of chasing a high I guess if I got to high on the on the math and the opiates were wearing me down a level. It was just
Julie Vanderpool: Like chasing my own tail.
Julie Vanderpool: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, did you ever have an overdose where you almost died or had to be resuscitated
Julie Vanderpool: No, no, I didn't have that
Julie Vanderpool: Time. Fortunately,
Dr Katrina Groves: And hospital that led you into the hospital for your substance you
Know,
Julie Vanderpool: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: And other. I know you had a little bit of trouble with Benz's as well.
Dr Katrina Groves: And our valiant Klonopin Xanax, when did those start entering the picture.
Julie Vanderpool: I'm actually
Julie Vanderpool: I didn't have too much of a problem with those
Julie Vanderpool: But well, and when I those entered the picture later. Like, I guess in my 30s.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you're using them for anxiety, panic.
Julie Vanderpool: Huh, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And are you still taking bentos
Julie Vanderpool: The half a milligram clonazepam. Mm hmm.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how often once a day.
Julie Vanderpool: Yeah, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then I know
Dr Katrina Groves: That your mom was able to get off them completely. I'm hoping. She's still on them.
Julie Vanderpool: She is still
Julie Vanderpool: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you know what I think you're going to join her. I just have this feeling
Julie Vanderpool: Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: One of these
Julie Vanderpool: Days, the plan.
Julie Vanderpool: She wanted me to tell you. Hello.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hello. Hi.
Julie Vanderpool: I will
Dr Katrina Groves: So the Lexapro, you're still taking 20 milligrams a day. Is that right,
Julie Vanderpool: Yes. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And any other medications, besides the sub sub solve and the quantum and Lexapro, you know,
Julie Vanderpool: Just those three. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: You don't have asthma. You don't have any other medical problems, high blood pressure,
Dr Katrina Groves: I know he's nothing like that.
Okay, now
Dr Katrina Groves: Excellent. And so why does have solvent. Again, instead of the Suboxone did it just tastes better.
Julie Vanderpool: And initially, I chose that because it was a menthol option.
Julie Vanderpool: And I'm glad that I did because it's a lower dose and
Julie Vanderpool: So that just worked out without realizing it.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I am looking left here because I have your other computer from the clinic, my left.
Julie Vanderpool: Eye failure.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I don't see what's going on. So when is the last prescription. I feel like you just got one for the zoom saw recently.
Julie Vanderpool: I did just last week.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what they wasn't that you got it, you know.
Julie Vanderpool: Wednesday or Thursday.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: What I want to try to do is get you a group so that your scripts match up with the telemedicine groups.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And do you feel like Monday nights at 545 are going to be better for you or Thursday mornings at 10 I just don't know what your job flexibility is right now.
Julie Vanderpool: Oh, well, I'm laid off so I'm
Julie Vanderpool: Flexible there.
Julie Vanderpool: coven
Julie Vanderpool: So,
Julie Vanderpool: I kind of like the Thursday option.
Dr Katrina Groves: But later.
Julie Vanderpool: Okay, good, because if I do go back to work. I don't have to take the Monday option, but I have a feeling, it'll be a while so
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, I hope not. I think that's the first thing they need to do is open up the National Park. I mean, people can just kind of distance still
Julie Vanderpool: Yeah.
Julie Vanderpool: Do you think
Dr Katrina Groves: Anyway, not my, on my job.
Dr Katrina Groves: If we put you if we assume you got your prescription on like the 23rd last week that would just be on two days ago. Oh, the 16th wouldn't have been that you got your script.
Julie Vanderpool: No, it was just a couple of days ago and I got it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Look, we say it was like 23rd. Then we'll go 1234 so you could come in on the 21st of May.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, is that work for you at 10 o'clock.
Julie Vanderpool: Sure.
Dr Katrina Groves: And actually, Julie 21st. Oh, so come at 930 because this check in process is hundreds of people trying to get on bright heart now with coated and
Julie Vanderpool: Oh,
Dr Katrina Groves: My god. How so, and they have a lot of questions. I gotta ask and do. And so just try and be patient with them.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: But that will be just in time for your prescription. Because if your last one was like the 22nd, 23rd and then I can just give you your script on that night.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what pharmacy. Are you going to
Walgreens.
Dr Katrina Groves: Walgreens, and you're on the absolves right and to a day.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. Nice.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. What does that feel
Good.
Julie Vanderpool: It feels good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Now, right now, down. Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: So the you don't have cravings. You don't have any trouble with
Dr Katrina Groves: Not forgetting to take yours absolve you don't have any issues with it.
Julie Vanderpool: No, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good Life is just like
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, allows you to have a life without
Julie Vanderpool: All the others without that
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, no, I have down as it been two years since the math.
Julie Vanderpool: New years and eight months.
Julie Vanderpool: Oh, let me think. Yeah, it was two years on August 1 I believe so. I kind of counted it up because I knew you would ask me. So I think it's two years and eight months.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's great.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. Oh, I thought it was 2017 1819
Dr Katrina Groves: Wanting oh yeah so you're coming up on three years.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right, very good.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Has there been any like
Dr Katrina Groves: Schizophrenia thoughts, feelings that paranoia.
Julie Vanderpool: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: That a little bit for a while. Does that all
Julie Vanderpool: That's gone away. Yes. Oh my gosh, I am I can't be grateful enough for that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Anytime you ever have a thought in your brain. Oh, I just want a party, a little map won't hurt. It's like, now it can bring
Dr Katrina Groves: That psychotic
Julie Vanderpool: That's exactly where I go with that. So good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Job good coping skill and now what doctor, do you see at the clinic or have you assigned to do. You know, I think, oh, it's Michelle, Peter.
Julie Vanderpool: Yeah. Dr. Peter
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. And she's keeping up with your scripts and stuff.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. And so do you have any other
Dr Katrina Groves: medical issues like high blood pressure.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any allergies to medication tax.
Julie Vanderpool: I'm allergic to cats. That's the only one. I know.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any medication.
Dr Katrina Groves: No. Okay. And have you had any surgeries and I'll Julie.
Julie Vanderpool: No, not in recent times.
Dr Katrina Groves: About an old
Julie Vanderpool: I had a I had Murcia on my leg. I had to have surgery for
Julie Vanderpool: Hold on. Yeah, that was not fun. But that was a long time ago.
Dr Katrina Groves: And no gallbladder, or C section or tubal ligation or myself.
Dr Katrina Groves: No, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you on any birth control right now.
Julie Vanderpool: Yes, I have the IUD in place.
Dr Katrina Groves: The Marina or the paragraph and
Dr Katrina Groves: Then I
Julie Vanderpool: Don't know the one that lasts for five years and as yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: It's your periods away, right, good.
Julie Vanderpool: I haven't had one since before I gave her
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, when did you have that put in
Julie Vanderpool: Right after I had Preston
Julie Vanderpool: So I've had it changed.
Julie Vanderpool: One time
Dr Katrina Groves: And how Preston
Julie Vanderpool: Preston is nine. He'll be 10 in December.
Dr Katrina Groves: And now you're living with him full time now.
Julie Vanderpool: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You guys got your own apartment.
Julie Vanderpool: We have our own house. Now you have a little two bedroom house yeah right by a school
Dr Katrina Groves: You're
Dr Katrina Groves: living your dream.
Julie Vanderpool: I am
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow. So good to see you doing well.
Julie Vanderpool: Thank you.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so you still smoke cigarettes.
Julie Vanderpool: And not cigarettes, I switched to a vapor. Yeah, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you smoked for about how long
Julie Vanderpool: How many years. Yeah. Or, oh
Julie Vanderpool: Many the smoking started when I was 18 I think
Julie Vanderpool: Okay, um,
Julie Vanderpool: And then I'm 39 now so about 21 years
Dr Katrina Groves: And what about the vapor pen. How long have you been using
Julie Vanderpool: I've been using that about two years and eight months.
Dr Katrina Groves: Anyway,
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. Where's your motivation to quit. Is it like zero. There's no anniversary quit or is it like
Julie Vanderpool: How knows someday I will so
Julie Vanderpool: The vapor thing is set up so you, you start with a certain like I started out with 12 milligrams of nicotine and I've worked my way down to six milligrams of
Dr Katrina Groves: Nicotine
Julie Vanderpool: And then I'll switch to three, when I can get that low and then it'll go to zero. And then you can stop. So I am motivated to quit and trying to use it as a tool to do so.
Dr Katrina Groves: Moving yourself up. Great.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes papering
Julie Vanderpool: Any
Dr Katrina Groves: Any alcohol.
No.
Dr Katrina Groves: And
Dr Katrina Groves: Or any other partners that you're having intercourse with now any
Julie Vanderpool: boyfriends notes.
Julie Vanderpool: Two years and eight months.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are easy to keep track of.
To your yes
Dr Katrina Groves: Well that's good because you get to work on you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Not have another a person in your life.
Julie Vanderpool: Me and Preston and that's it.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're raising. How's that go, Oh, I love that movie from
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh, I can't remember the name now with
Dr Katrina Groves: It was about. I'm raising a man. And I'm not trying to, you know, I'm not trying to be with a man I'm raising a man like a single woman with her with her son.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. There's what, it's what it
Dr Katrina Groves: Might be. That was one of that really cute when he did with the girl.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, I digress. So I'm going to do a little review of systems just head to toe really briefly.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Um, so in the this is only the past week or so have you had any fevers, chills, night sweats fatigue or cold intolerance.
Dr Katrina Groves: No, no. Any day time falling asleep in your soup.
Julie Vanderpool: You know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Weight loss or weight gain. That's bothersome.
Julie Vanderpool: No. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any chest pain or pressure or heart palpitations that you've noticed
Julie Vanderpool: You know,
Dr Katrina Groves: How about swelling of your legs or shortness of breath when you try to do something.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, constipation is common with them.
Julie Vanderpool: Yeah, that's kind of been
Julie Vanderpool: Coming up again. I'm might want to in the beginning I was taking a laxative with it and
Julie Vanderpool: I stopped. But I've kind of been feeling that
Julie Vanderpool: I might need to
Julie Vanderpool: Use one again.
Dr Katrina Groves: So it's better to do a store.
Dr Katrina Groves: Often or not a laxative. So you want something more like kohli's or Doc, you say not Duke, relax. But, Doc, you say,
Julie Vanderpool: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: I can send a prescription if you want. I
Julie Vanderpool: Think I might have some left from. Okay. So, and that's okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you're on such a small doses. I'm sorry. I have a feeling, it must be the fiber in your diet, you need to maybe be drinking more water when you bake.
Dr Katrina Groves: It pulls out all the moisture makes real drive so
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, eating more vegetables, fruits fiber apples broccoli. I mean, anything that's good for your son to write to get on
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, high fiber diet.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, where was I was distracted on neurology. Do you have any tremors or seizures or vertigo or headaches.
No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Other
Dr Katrina Groves: Mental health issues. I know in the past. You've had depression, anxiety,
Dr Katrina Groves: Mood Changes, things like that. How are those now.
Julie Vanderpool: No, I'm doing well. Now, and, you know,
Julie Vanderpool: So strange period of time, but I'm getting through it so
Dr Katrina Groves: You know I've heard a lot of other people worrying about coven and all this. And it's like, you know, you guys actually have a heads up on this. You guys have actually people in recovery. They have been through hell they have been through.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right when they can't be in control of anything. And so for you guys. It's kind of like, Okay, I've done this before.
Julie Vanderpool: Right. Yeah, that's true, that's a good way to look at it.
Dr Katrina Groves: I couldn't
Dr Katrina Groves: Be positive. So you did have a post traumatic stress on your chart that PTSD. What, what was that about,
Julie Vanderpool: I was diagnosed with that at
Julie Vanderpool: 15 or 16 and that was after my mother's
Julie Vanderpool: Attempt
Julie Vanderpool: I don't want to say, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm hearing really bad depression and anxiety stuff.
Julie Vanderpool: Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: You think you still have the feelings of. Do you have nightmares about it. Do you still have issues with that or do you think that's something that's gone now.
Julie Vanderpool: I think we've worked through that.
Julie Vanderpool: Right, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Panic attacks, though, you still have those or does the client up and keep them kind of down
Julie Vanderpool: Like keep some down
Dr Katrina Groves: And have you thought about what it looks like if when you decide to taper the bends have, have you thought about what that would look like.
Julie Vanderpool: Yeah.
Julie Vanderpool: That's something I really want to do
Julie Vanderpool: I've just been scared to start. I saw my cell up my mom went through. I don't think it'll be that bad for me.
Julie Vanderpool: No, I haven't been on him as long or and I'm not on as
Dr Katrina Groves: Much behind those. Yeah.
So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Look up something called the passion manual. I think a
Dr Katrina Groves: Page to and I believe if she's an older doctor, I think she's even gone now. But she did an amazing
Dr Katrina Groves: Book about bentos it's all, it's about as much Avengers affect you and how you can get off of them in a very, very slow fashion. And I just love her.
Dr Katrina Groves: Whole thing about it is great. So I don't know if you can get online and actually I think you can you can look up Ashton manual and about themselves. And that might give you
Julie Vanderpool: A
Dr Katrina Groves: But you're absolutely right. Do not start quitting everything together and make you're working on your vapor pen right now. Don't start with the band goes, you got to do one addiction at a time. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: But yeah, that was that will happen for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Um, I think I got everything I needed.
Julie Vanderpool: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Medical History social history.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any other kids that you know about like that. You've had or miscarriages or abortions, or just that one.
Julie Vanderpool: I've had two abortions. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so three pregnancies one
Dr Katrina Groves: And tell me about your brother, how he's doing and just in general.
Julie Vanderpool: He's in reading, he's back at rest pad.
Julie Vanderpool: So where that he needs to be there and they're working on conservatorship
Julie Vanderpool: Which is not what he wants, of course, but
Julie Vanderpool: It's what he needs and he lost his apartment and
Julie Vanderpool: He, you know, hit his bottom and
Julie Vanderpool: He's trying to get you know myself for someone to say sure we'll take them in at our house.
Julie Vanderpool: And we're standing strong together on that. So he's probably upset with everyone in the family, except for Preston Preston write some letters and
Julie Vanderpool: He writes back. So we're going to keep that up and just hope for the best price.
Dr Katrina Groves: At that's really wise you guys very, very important. I mean, Logan is a very smart.
Dr Katrina Groves: And and that's part of the reason it took so long to get nutrients.
Dr Katrina Groves: And and i think he needs to be where he's at.
Julie Vanderpool: Me too.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I'm so happy that it seems like you got in recovery exactly at the right time, because when he was going down, you will you were coming up and
Dr Katrina Groves: Right went from there to there and it was just so good that he didn't have to see his home uncle's meltdown and
Julie Vanderpool: And he right
Julie Vanderpool: Because not having me and yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm really happy with you guys. You must have some angels looking out for you in your life.
Julie Vanderpool: Yeah, I think so.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you go to church. Still, or do you do any kind of
Julie Vanderpool: Well churches cancelled for the coven thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Still, people can do better. This
Julie Vanderpool: Yes. And actually we have we've watched it on YouTube. Last week, so we'll probably do that tomorrow and yeah I'm still I still have a church family, a good one.
Dr Katrina Groves: And don't even have that women's a it was a women's group that you were doing for a while.
Julie Vanderpool: I was. Yeah.
Julie Vanderpool: I need to look into what they're doing with zoom. I haven't found that out yet. There's I'm sure there's something
Dr Katrina Groves: Alrighty. I'm sure there is something so I think we're good. And what did I tell you were coming
Julie Vanderpool: On May 21
Julie Vanderpool: At 930 yeah well
Dr Katrina Groves: 930 second. Good job.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you just
Dr Katrina Groves: The regular zoom room or our virtual clinic. It's like the waiting area at the front desk and they'll ask you some questions and let you in. So
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, there's still some paperwork stuff they got to do when they intake you, it seems like a lot, but try and be patient with it. There's like a bio psycho social profile that they have to do with a therapist and
Dr Katrina Groves: I would call them and be kind of proactive and say, hey, is there anything I need because they're kind of running around until they hire more people
Julie Vanderpool: Okay, yeah. They told me I need to call beacon, and I need to do some lab work and they'll
Dr Katrina Groves: Send a drug test to your house and don't open hell.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, little package and then you call them and they'll help you walk through that.
Okay.
Julie Vanderpool: Then I do that on zoom also right so they can see me. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: They don't have you go pee with them that you just go
Dr Katrina Groves: Right out a kind of look at it together. And I'm sure you're not worried because it's not going to be positive.
Julie Vanderpool: No, it's not.
Dr Katrina Groves: If there is ever a. Some of them have false positive tests you know about that. So if there's ever one that they're like oh this doesn't look quite right. You say, You know what, I'm going to go to the clinic, you just go into open door and you know text Tony and she'll give you a
Dr Katrina Groves: Trap a test there and they can send off and prove that it was a false positive. So,
Julie Vanderpool: Oh, good. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't ever want that to freak you out.
No.
Julie Vanderpool: Me either.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, well, good to see you. Did you have any questions for me.
Julie Vanderpool: I don't think so. Oh, so the groups. How many people
Julie Vanderpool: Yeah, I'm you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Will be anybody. But I'm getting everybody that my goal is to get all you guys up with me. And so, and you don't know how all these people right because you've never
Julie Vanderpool: Been the group so
Dr Katrina Groves: Right now, there's only 123 people on the 21st
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, but that may change sometimes like Monday this Monday, like I have OH MY GOD 123 or 56789 and that's the most I ever. I don't like 10 there's another therapist that helps. She basically takes people through like a
Dr Katrina Groves: A handout or working through whatever. She'll. She'll do a little check in, but 10 is just almost too many. I had a few no shows that are trying to make up their groups, but
Julie Vanderpool: Oh, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So yeah, you don't have to talk a lot. Just listen. And if you have any feedback for people. You're one of my people that's got a long term sobriety. And so even though you don't know people
Julie Vanderpool: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you concerned about is there anyone that in the group that you can't be with or don't absolutely don't want to, you don't
Julie Vanderpool: I didn't. Yeah, I don't know. I don't think I have a problem with that.
Julie Vanderpool: If one comes up.
Julie Vanderpool: I don't think so.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, I think we're ready. I'm on track with my next person at noon.
Dr Katrina Groves: Seven people today. It's like, Wow, my
Dr Katrina Groves: God, you guys are all getting
Dr Katrina Groves: So yeah, love to your mom.
Dr Katrina Groves: Thank you, happy she's doing well.
Julie Vanderpool: She is she's doing really well.
Julie Vanderpool: So a
Dr Katrina Groves: Couple weeks and yeah
Julie Vanderpool: Thank you, you too.
Julie Vanderpool: Bye.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, the next one is supposed to be.
Dr Katrina Groves: I've done Joey Alcatraz was first Joshua area was second Tony Hatfield missed. But he's trying to come back on Rudy stole was at 1030 Jennifer Snyder was at 11 I just did. Julie vanderpool. Yay. So my next one is 12 o'clock. James would
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm ready for my opening meet you here before I type this
Dr Katrina Groves: And then I'm trying to get Tony Hatfield at 1230
Dr Katrina Groves: So kind of confusing, but the next patient is going to be Tony Anthony Hatfield, we call it Tony is Date of Birth is six 183 let me know if you really need all that for me to dictate or if it's in your list. I just don't know.
Dr Katrina Groves: Where you get your information, tell me how fields tough PS Scott add. He's homeless. He's drinks alcohol. He has used methamphetamines many times
Dr Katrina Groves: He's a tough one.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then after that I think James words and then I'll stay on because I'm going to have to go through each person.
Dr Katrina Groves: Should do that now with the last person. I did.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because I finished class areas I finished really afterwards.
Dr Katrina Groves: So for Rudy, or can I guess I have a minute here. We can do Rudy, stop.
Dr Katrina Groves: He was a young man, that was a fisherman and he is a clever and a fisherman by trade, so problem with him as he's going to need flexible groups.
Dr Katrina Groves: I know that's hard for bright heart to do but really important because he is stable clean over five and a half years and really feels like a different person. So
Dr Katrina Groves: I forgot to ask him if you could use his iPhone or iPad on the boat and maybe difficult to get any kind of reception out there and of course if he's busy point and crackpots Ain't no way
Dr Katrina Groves: But we can try to be flexible. I think is next group, he was going to do either Monday or Thursday, not this week, but either the
Dr Katrina Groves: four or seven
Dr Katrina Groves: S question mark.
Dr Katrina Groves: So he'll do either the fourth or the seventh group depending on his
Dr Katrina Groves: Schedule. We might have to kind of make it like that. I might have to make him go to every two to three months, which is fine.
Dr Katrina Groves: So for Rudy his diagnosis again was an opioid dependence in severe in our mission.
Quit smoking.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, he's, he was a smoker and change the beta. Now he's a nonsmoker and he does not need a prescription right now because he just got
Dr Katrina Groves: But he does take some action eight milligrams per day and I will try to get him an epi pen prescribed
Dr Katrina Groves: For his basting anaphylaxis. So add that to his diagnosis boosting anaphylaxis. Otherwise, he's good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Walgreens.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so I did those three. The next one I'm still waiting for my patients. So let's do Jennifer Snyder and she's been clean over three years, which was February 2017
Dr Katrina Groves: She had issues for alcohol for a while but is no longer drinking. So she's alcohol dependence is in remission and it was only moderate
Dr Katrina Groves: Or usual diagnosis of opioid dependence period in remission. I said she for birth control. She's using norplant
Dr Katrina Groves: Which is put in December 17 2019 so it's not do out for three years and she'll meet with her PCP for that.
Dr Katrina Groves: She may be inches long. Should I be bipolar to
Dr Katrina Groves: She also has asthma.
Dr Katrina Groves: Jennifer Snyder, sorry.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, she has asthma and mild and intermittent and she just has an inhaler she uses and she'll contact her PCP for that. She also takes the Lexapro 20 milligrams a day. And again, this is probably for
Dr Katrina Groves: Bipolar to which has her other diagnosis just has some varicose veins and swelling. That's another diagnosis.
Dr Katrina Groves: Should be getting stockings and putting your feet up or she's not working. And she did have some constipation, but it's improved with fiber and she does not need a
Dr Katrina Groves: Script. Oh, she has a
Dr Katrina Groves: Domestic Violence relationship potential
Dr Katrina Groves: So we'll have to work through that sounds like she's trying to make some good choices for herself.
Dr Katrina Groves: And her Walmart pharmacies warmer and she just had filled on the 23rd. So I'm going to give her a script on
Dr Katrina Groves: Jennifer is
Dr Katrina Groves: Going to be opioid dependence in remission severe intermission.
Dr Katrina Groves: Methamphetamine use in remission. That was also severe
Dr Katrina Groves: benzodiazepine dependence.
Dr Katrina Groves: As you heard the Klonopin dose, although she's doing better than she was. And she is a nicotine dependence on vapes choose moderate
Dr Katrina Groves: She's working on tape, bring
Dr Katrina Groves: And
Dr Katrina Groves: What else for birth control. She has a marina.
Dr Katrina Groves: And we know her doctors Dr care.
Dr Katrina Groves: She had PTSD, but no longer. I think I would change that to panic anxiety disorder.
Dr Katrina Groves: Diagnosis
Dr Katrina Groves: And that's
Dr Katrina Groves: Persistent and past Frisina counselor better
Dr Katrina Groves: Longer
Dr Katrina Groves: Needing that
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: Still waiting for tomorrow.
Dr Katrina Groves: Bad connection. The other don't know so we remains to be seen.
Dr Katrina Groves: You made it.
James wood: Yeah, I thought the point was that 130 sorry so
Dr Katrina Groves: It's okay. I was about to give up on everybody, glad you made it so I can hear you. But there's a video camera on your device. If you can push them.
Dr Katrina Groves: There you are.
James wood: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: It works best if you don't have a window behind. You mean this is not bad but
James wood: OK, let's see. You go like this feels better.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let me just tell Tony, you got your and we've been texting back and forth. Where's James, I don't know, we can't get hold them in, but
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright so I'm glad you're here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Where you would just in jail. What, what was going on.
Yeah.
James wood: I picked up some new charges.
Dr Katrina Groves: Pick them up. Okay.
James wood: I've been. I've been depressed and angry.
James wood: And I went over to my
James wood: House, I see her husband, Eric, I just
Dr Katrina Groves: I can't hear you very well let's kind of
James wood: Get this
James wood: Network.
Yeah.
Okay.
James wood: Good.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Can you turn a little sideways.
Dr Katrina Groves: So that the light wasn't really
James wood: Good. All right. It works. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Great. So if we go in and out. Just kind of slow down and
Dr Katrina Groves: We might freeze each other, but that looks good.
James wood: Do you have
Privacy.
James wood: But they ended up picking me up or assault weapon and that
James wood: Stopped
Dr Katrina Groves: You still have a bad connection but
Dr Katrina Groves: Assault and Battery.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And that's how you lost your Suboxone
James wood: Yeah, I'm
James wood: A lot. Oh.
James wood: I lost them in the fight, and then I didn't have any when I got out.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did you use when you got out.
James wood: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Really that's
James wood: My
James wood: Sad to say my drinking out of control again.
Dr Katrina Groves: Sorry, but you're being honest about it. And that's what counts.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, people that get better, are people that understand what their own issues are and your anger the alcohol. The depression at all kind of goes together.
James wood: Yeah, man, I'm gonna drag it into sort of, you know, regardless, we're good for
James wood: The importance of library. So I'm putting
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, you're blocking out or you're cracking a little bit, but I think you said you're trying to get into sober living and quarter men June 4
James wood: Of July.
Dr Katrina Groves: July 4. That's a good day to go into sober living, that's for sure.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so are you back on your Suboxone what, when did you get a script.
James wood: Yeah.
James wood: The data.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you have your script with what day was that
Dr Katrina Groves: What day did you see the box.
Dr Katrina Groves: And was it a week or a month, or how many when is
James wood: When is it going to run
James wood: It was a month.
James wood: It's a month of like I have them.
James wood: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what I want to do is make your next visit in zoom
Dr Katrina Groves: When your new prescription will run out. So when will that be
James wood: That will be fun.
James wood: Today, or maybe one
Dr Katrina Groves: May 20 so you got it on
Dr Katrina Groves: April 20
James wood: Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. So write down in your notes somewhere that I want you in group that week of May 18 is a Monday.
Dr Katrina Groves: May 18 is a Monday and I'm doing group at its at nighttime for people that work at like 5:45pm
Dr Katrina Groves: But you're supposed to
Dr Katrina Groves: Check in around 515 because it takes a half hour sometimes to get all the people in
James wood: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't know when where you're going to be on that Monday the 18th, but
Dr Katrina Groves: You can do this in your car, you can be in your sober living, you can be walking outside if you just need a good better connection or then you got right now.
James wood: Yeah, I mean back
James wood: Back here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, alright. So, and as far as the anger problems, um,
Dr Katrina Groves: I know you did have, do you have to start over with has
James wood: To be like
James wood: But it's taking forever.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so are you on probation again.
James wood: You
Dr Katrina Groves: Say that again. I didn't hear you.
So,
James wood: My probation officer was actually arrested me. So I talked to her about how we actually do a
Dr Katrina Groves: Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Job right now.
James wood: Not right now. Please.
James wood: Come
James wood: Here and they said to call them. So my
James wood: Office, so
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so that's the lawn service is good because a job keeps you busy and keeps your brain from going off.
James wood: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So would you like
Dr Katrina Groves: A medication for alcohol. Are you having a lot of cravings.
Dr Katrina Groves: To drink.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you drinking every day.
James wood: Every day.
Dr Katrina Groves: About how much
James wood: Do you want
James wood: Every day that are
James wood: Probably over
Dr Katrina Groves: So there's a medicine called am proud and we ever tried that on your core.
James wood: And if
Dr Katrina Groves: It did, or it didn't.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. I mean, it's not like an abuse, it doesn't make you sick. If you drink. I mean, we can always give you an abuse, you know, that's usually pretty hardcore and people
Dr Katrina Groves: They, they just don't take it so they can drink. So it depends on your head space.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you think you want to try it again. The camera because maybe you're more more willing to try to cut down your drinking or or just wait.
James wood: Yeah, you try it again.
James wood: Okay cuz I need to do something.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I know, I'm sorry.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you still get to see your kids.
James wood: Back in November.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, now you seem okay are you under the influence right now.
No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, I mean planet your kids need to see you. They need to see your face. They need to hear your voice.
Dr Katrina Groves: That would help your recovery. I think if you could sober yourself up for your kids once a week. A lot of people are doing that right now with the coven virus. They're trying to get with their kids. It helps a lot.
Dr Katrina Groves: You have
Them.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hang on, Tony's texting me again cheese.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you still go to Tony's groups.
James wood: Oh, I
James wood: See here every now and again, but every the whole thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, she does zoom needed in the mornings I think all he just text you the zoom number and you can join her group and it's all like this so that nobody's in person.
James wood: Oh, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm gonna ask. Oh. So are any other medication that you take like Neurontin gabapentin. Do you still take that
James wood: Yeah. OK.
Dr Katrina Groves: So the Gabba Penton was one and a half tablets 800 milligrams three times a day. Is that about right or
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And and Dustin Jericho. Is he your primary care.
James wood: Yeah.
Okay.
James wood: Coming up
James wood: I believe
James wood: Me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let me look I have your other computer open here so I can maybe tell you
Dr Katrina Groves: For sure. And don't be afraid to. I mean, I know you and he have had issues before. But if you're just honest with them and you're saying, you know, I got problems with alcohol and anger and, you know, if you ask for help. He'll. He'll help you
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, it's me, it's made your appointment with destiny. I don't know if you want to write it down on a piece of paper.
James wood: Makes
Dr Katrina Groves: It says fifth
James wood: And
Dr Katrina Groves: At what time
Dr Katrina Groves: 1040
James wood: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Money, but they may be doing zoom. So you may want to try and check in half hour early again.
James wood: Yeah, that'd be
James wood: Pretty cool.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you're getting practice. You just need to find a better spot with better internet and better phone
Yeah.
Oh,
James wood: My goodness. Oh, so
Dr Katrina Groves: Right after you get paid.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so you don't take Depakote anymore.
James wood: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: There's a medication.
James wood: Don't know.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh Capra lever.
Dr Katrina Groves: Lever terrorists attacked or something. Okay.
James wood: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And is that 1000 milligrams twice a day.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. And do you still take Klonopin or is that been gone a long time.
James wood: Went on
James wood: I came clean
James wood: He doesn't want
James wood: That again maybe
Dr Katrina Groves: Exactly. So I think what you said was, I'm translating I can make sure the alcohol and Ben's. Those are a bad combination you stop breathing. You can die. So, yeah.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so you're taking the seizure medication.
Dr Katrina Groves: And the Suboxone you're doing eight milligrams three a day, I assume.
James wood: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is it. How's it for your cravings. Like when's the last time you took opioids. I mean, I know you've got alcohol issues. But what about the narcotics. When's the last time you slipped up for those
James wood: Took
James wood: Me actually for the whole time and
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I was gonna say that it was like you started in 2014 could that be right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Wow. And then, oh my gosh.
Dr Katrina Groves: That was great.
Dr Katrina Groves: You were thinking about the shot to this sunblock hate injections. Have you ever thought about those
Dr Katrina Groves: Rather
James wood: Wanted to do that, actually.
Dr Katrina Groves: might try. There's something called vivid
Dr Katrina Groves: There's a medicine called the trial is a shot for alcohol, but it also helps you from stopping
Dr Katrina Groves: It takes cravings for narcotics. So people with alcohol and narcotic issues they go off the Suboxone and you take pivotal shots. Instead, and it can be very effective.
Dr Katrina Groves: So that's something I'm going to want to, I think, put it on your notes to ask Dustin, or maybe I can figure out a way to get it for you if you're interested.
Dr Katrina Groves: I mean, we can try camp route. First, I'll put you back on Cam Pro.
Dr Katrina Groves: For the album.
Dr Katrina Groves: But I think vitro shot works really good for people that are have a lot of alcohol problems as well. So maybe we can
Dr Katrina Groves: Go great thoughts.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And do you have any allergies to any medication.
Dr Katrina Groves: Lexapro. What happened with hives.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow, okay. No Lexapro for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right. And I want to do a little family history.
Dr Katrina Groves: I know this is
Dr Katrina Groves: Hard. But is your mom still living.
James wood: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Does she have any medical problems like high blood pressure, stroke, heart disease, diabetes,
James wood: You have
James wood: IBS.
James wood: And then exactly kitty.
Dr Katrina Groves: Kidney
James wood: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: But she's not a person who abuses substances or she alcohol or drugs.
James wood: She uses paying bills and
James wood: Pretty much.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, she's a
James wood: Berlin.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what about your father. Is he still living.
Dr Katrina Groves: What kind of family are kind of problems as he had
James wood: A stroke.
Dr Katrina Groves: Several times. Wow. Is he pretty functional or is he can't speak or get around.
James wood: It almost like four or five years from now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, because I know you had a lot of trauma and your childhood. He was, he would be you kids right
James wood: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So one of your diagnoses is post traumatic stress. It's like what Vietnam vets get I think we've talked about that before. Right.
James wood: And I
James wood: Really my
James wood: Throat
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm sorry, I didn't hear any of that. Say it slower.
James wood: I'm doing lot better with controlling my tasks.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, I wonder if that's why your anger is worse, it's like, it's always trading one for another you know your panic attacks get better. Maybe your anger and your alcohol had to reach out for that. I don't know.
James wood: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So one thing about bright heart. You're joining this group. It's actually amazing the amount of counseling, they have they have their own
Dr Katrina Groves: Therapists like Tony, but different. They also have people that can do post traumatic stress and childhood trauma people that have been raped or abused.
Dr Katrina Groves: So we've got people that can see you. And that's going to be one of your, your main focuses I want you to do is, yes, you'll see me for group like once every couple weeks or once a month, whatever. But I want you to get in with
Dr Katrina Groves: Good counselor.
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't think that's been helping for you at Crescent City right there's like no mental health, they're
James wood: Not, not. No. No.
James wood: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, did you ever try to get on the telemedicine doctor there.
James wood: I did.
James wood: And nobody ever heard.
James wood: Anything.
Dr Katrina Groves: So with bright heart, you'll have that option. So I'll make sure to make a note and put you in for the
Dr Katrina Groves: Counseling.
Dr Katrina Groves: And your seizure disorder. When's the last time you had a seizure.
James wood: Again throughout the night.
James wood: We're
James wood: Sleeping more
Dr Katrina Groves: I think alcohol makes it worse.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, it's. You're right. You can have seizures. If you've come off alcohol too fast. You'll definitely have seizures. So you have to go slow and
Dr Katrina Groves: But you can also have seizures. Just because you drink too much. So it's kind of like a narrow window.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, are you still smoking.
James wood: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Um, I assume you have no interest in quitting right now because of all this stuff that's going on.
James wood: Now, I went from almost you back down.
James wood: To about 10 days.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's great. I just think you you need to focus on the alcohol, maybe next and then maybe work on the other, but maybe they'll go together for you. I don't know.
James wood: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and what about your leg. Do you still have pain with your leg.
James wood: It bothered me quite a bit.
James wood: Especially
James wood: If I'm being too active or
James wood: Just like still have the street name my ankle like
Dr Katrina Groves: An airframe.
Dr Katrina Groves: The electric shooting. Okay. So remind me what that was from what injury. That was a burn or that was your ATM read I
James wood: Was back when
James wood: I
James wood: Do like
James wood: It would be great.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's right. You had Murcia and it went into your it went around your muscle you almost lost your leg because of that.
James wood: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alrighty. What else do I need to know um
Dr Katrina Groves: So you're divorced and your wife, his ex wife is where now in Grants Pass.
James wood: Yeah.
She went
Dr Katrina Groves: And she
Dr Katrina Groves: She still has your kids. How many kids.
James wood: Yes, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And
Dr Katrina Groves: So you got legal stuff. Where are you going to stay now. Where were you living
James wood: Right now I am still over at my mom's house here in town.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, but
James wood: I'm gonna be working on.
James wood: It.
James wood: Every myself someone else.
Yeah.
James wood: I need
James wood: Somebody to
James wood: Do that. So,
Dr Katrina Groves: I love the thought of the clean and sober house. But that's all. Gosh, two months away right
James wood: I'm
James wood: Trying to get it and
James wood: Then
Dr Katrina Groves: I would go there every day and just make your face. Hey, I'm here. I need, I need to come in, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Just push yourself to be there.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm gonna, I'm going to go through some symptoms head to toe and you just tell me if you have had any of these things in the last week.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Have you had any Fevers or chills or night sweats.
No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any cough or wheezing shortness of breath.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any chest pain or pressure or heart palpitations.
James wood: My heart, my heart is up in
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And do you have that medication for that wasn't it. Propranolol or Inderal used to take when your heart was racing.
James wood: Yeah.
James wood: Because I would do better.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Well, again, when you see dust and talk to him about maybe putting you back on that.
James wood: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any swelling in your legs dreams.
James wood: Might be
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
But
Dr Katrina Groves: That comes from drinking too. Is it gets your liver. So you're going to need some blood work right heart wants you to go get blood work when you can at the clinic, whenever the lab opens up and just make sure your liver is okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Any stomach problems like abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting,
Diarrhea
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, I can barely hear you.
Dr Katrina Groves: I didn't, I'm not hearing anything
Dr Katrina Groves: You have to start over.
Belly.
James wood: Yeah, I didn't get it.
James wood: For about three weeks.
James wood: And I was feeling around
James wood: Heart like
James wood: It's
Dr Katrina Groves: It's hard above your belly button like a knot.
James wood: In my
James wood: Stomach.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you throwing up at all.
James wood: But I feel extremely
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you want something for nausea.
James wood: No, that's okay. It's not, it's not about worry don't affect my day or anything like that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, you need to start trying to eat things. Eat soft foods, easy to digest like oatmeal or crema weed or, you know, bananas, things that are soft peanut butter, eggs, try to get some food in your stomach.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Did you hear that, or do I am I am I going out.
James wood: Yeah, good. Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: If you ever ever ever throw up the light or dark coffee grounds, you've got to go to the emergency room because if you're an alcoholic and you drink.
Dr Katrina Groves: The blood vessels and your stomach get really big and they can actually break open and you can bleed out. So any kind of blood or black Targhee stool when you poop or vomiting up coffee grounds that might be a sign you're having a bleeding ulcer.
James wood: Oh, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So talk to Dustin about that too.
James wood: Okay, well,
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have any tremors or seizures. Well, yeah, I know we talked about seizures, but
James wood: Yeah, I hate
James wood: Right now, where my hands are shaking. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And that's coming off the booze. You know, you're just coming off the booze.
Dr Katrina Groves: What about headaches.
James wood: I'm not the guy with the headache.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So tell me about your mood changes, then you've been really depressed.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any suicidal thoughts are you thinking of it like ending it all.
James wood: Really
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I know you had
James wood: Oh, then I feel like
Dr Katrina Groves: Did you say angry at the world.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Yeah. And I think the anger outside is because you're really sad inside and it kind of that's how it manifests itself.
James wood: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So remember that that old tape in your head is playing that your ex wife told you all this you know your your dad told you this, it's that old tape of like I'm nothing I'm worthless i'm i'm worse than terrible. You know, you got to
Dr Katrina Groves: Have helped to combat those thoughts because when you're clean and you're doing well. You're a good guy.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're a good dad.
James wood: No, no, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: What's happening.
Dr Katrina Groves: Somebody unplugged you
Dr Katrina Groves: Oops, might have lost him.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did we lose you, James.
Dr Katrina Groves: Think I have enough to keep talking a minute so
Dr Katrina Groves: Diagnosis
Dr Katrina Groves: Chip Austin Okay, they're going to try and get him back on diagnosis is opioid dependence severe in remission.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alcohol Abuse severe
Dr Katrina Groves: Continuing
Dr Katrina Groves: In early alcohol withdrawals.
Dr Katrina Groves: The plan will be for him to continue his Suboxone
Dr Katrina Groves: I didn't get to ask him. Oh yeah, his script is due on the
Dr Katrina Groves: 20th, so I'll be able to see him.
Dr Katrina Groves: On the 18th. I can't believe I added another person to the
Dr Katrina Groves: Genes
Dr Katrina Groves: Is so alcohol abuse ongoing, I'm going to add Cam Pro. Think about vivid trial injections. He has anger, so
Dr Katrina Groves: He has post traumatic stress and depression.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'll see there's sometimes things they want me to know about the PTSD.
Dr Katrina Groves: He would benefit from em, Dr. As part of my plan. So I'd like to get him in what's Serena beers. She's really good with that he has absence, seizures, which are chronic and somewhat controlled on the medication you heard
Dr Katrina Groves: He has nicotine dependence moderate
Dr Katrina Groves: It's still active. He's but he's down from two packs data half pack a day. So that's good.
Dr Katrina Groves: I gave him some encouragement and support he will be meeting with his primary care doctor next week for talking about anger depression.
Dr Katrina Groves: He also has panic attacks and tackle cardiac anxiety kind of all goes together.
Dr Katrina Groves: He states, they're under control, but I think they're not that he's just been drinking too much.
Dr Katrina Groves: And as we talked about the alcoholism is making his
Dr Katrina Groves: Anxiety.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or is making his
Dr Katrina Groves: Seizures worse.
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't think I got to get to the allergies.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh yes, it is a tower primitives and hives.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hey, James.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hey James You made it back.
James wood: Last, the last connection.
Dr Katrina Groves: I saw you say, oh no, oh no.
Dr Katrina Groves: Happening.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so where were we
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't remember we were talking about the alcohol and
Mike
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
James wood: Or the Viper.
James wood: And stuff.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so I think I'm actually pretty much
Dr Katrina Groves: Dead getting done here.
Dr Katrina Groves: The Smoking. I think the smoking, you should just keep staying low if you can on the cigarettes.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I will be seeing you on the
James wood: On the
James wood: 18th of May.
Dr Katrina Groves: At 545 but check in at 515
Dr Katrina Groves: OK. And then do you need, you don't need a prescription right now you got that.
Dr Katrina Groves: I will send the Cam Pro in though, and I want you to just start with one three times a day and then work your way up to where you're taking two, three times a day.
Dr Katrina Groves: And it might work. Now just because it didn't work before is probably because you weren't really ready but now you're ready and it won't help you go not go through withdrawals, but it will help the cravings. Would you like some Clonidine to help with them the shakes, or what do you think
James wood: Yeah, that'd be good night.
Dr Katrina Groves: What about liberty me just for a short time to help you get off the booze. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I know we gave you libertarian before, but then you want you. I don't know. It didn't work. You kind of just kept wanting to drink and take Benz's so now that you're not on any Benz's I can do that just for a week and get you through the withdrawal period so you don't end up in the hospital.
James wood: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and what Pharmacy was that James
James wood: A Walgreens.
Walgreens.
James wood: Yeah.
Got it.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what questions do you have for me anything.
James wood: I'm not really
James wood: Really at this moment. So
Dr Katrina Groves: It's kind of overwhelming. I know that that bright heart is a whole different way of doing medical visits on on the phone like this.
James wood: Yeah, it takes a while to be used to
James wood: Me, it's more convenient.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, it's great. You don't have to go to groups anymore. And you'll still see the same people in groups on video so
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alrighty. I'm glad you're out of jail, and I think that you will fight to get back. I know you do.
Dr Katrina Groves: So bright hearts gonna have you send you a lot of stuff still paperwork to fill out that's on the video that they'll do with you so
Dr Katrina Groves: Try to get yourself a good phone and a good connection that's your main job.
James wood: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right. Alright, I will send all your scripts over to Walgreens today. Okay.
James wood: All right.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're welcome. Talk to me or Tony. If you need anything else.
James wood: Okay, I'll go in on Monday and talk to her again. So
Dr Katrina Groves: Sounds good. She has a video chat things to or for group not in person.
James wood: Okay.
James wood: Good.
James wood: All right. Thank you.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're welcome. Bye.
James wood: Bye.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you still there. You gotta hang up.
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't want to end the meeting for everybody.
Dr Katrina Groves: Be patient.
Dr Katrina Groves: There we go.
Dr Katrina Groves: There we go. Alright, so I will call in
Dr Katrina Groves: Libra oh actually out east scribe liberalism and quantity
Dr Katrina Groves: And Campo into Walgreens pharmacy today.
Dr Katrina Groves: He also has on his diagnosis. Some chronic left leg pain after severe Murcia infection and
Dr Katrina Groves: muscle damage.
Dr Katrina Groves: anger issues. I'm not sure how to
Dr Katrina Groves: Severe anger problems, how to
Dr Katrina Groves: Address that as a diagnosis.
Dr Katrina Groves: So just put down antisocial personality disorder.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I think that's the end of the day. Thank you so much. Sorry. That was such a bad connection. I'll try to check
Dr Katrina Groves: The transcription that
Dr Katrina Groves: Any holes, please reach out to me by